Speaker 1  00:00
With secretary from April this year, he was with us last year as the head of Brazil covered back management, and also with Luca Masné. He is our senior trader for tax in in Brazil, but he is located here in. idea of this panel is to discuss the questions that a lot of you ask me every day about Brazil's debt sustainability, and especially as we are going through a very polarised election debates in the next three weeks, and with a government that's still facing significant nominal deficits, around nine eight and a half our expectation for next year, and Daniel Greene, as head of that management, have a job to fund this deficit every year. Now feel responsible also to write the checks on the standard site on everything that Brazil, in terms of the fiscal accounts needs, so I mean, in parts for the regular contribution, allow the audience also to ask questions. But let me start with one of the main points about the fiscal credibility 427. We did see, and I think that it's important. Everyone was very sceptical that the government would be able to deliver its fiscal targets on the primary deficit and up to the Reza niche. But there's still a lot of concerns

Speaker 2  02:00
about fiscal credibility, debt sustainability, at least in the next couple of years. So I'm asking you what you can target two or three main assumptions that the treasury has that allows you to be a little bit more comfortable. You have a projection that that will be some lies. Thank you, Cassiano. Thank you, Dick Morgan, for invitation again, Lucas. We were here last year, and the undersecretary for public debt is in the audience. We can maybe replace. You want to talk about that? But yeah, fiscal in Brazil is always a challenge, and the strategy for the government was always to do gradual improvements. He never overpromised, as you mentioned. Even with scepticism on markets, the primary targets were achieved, even with the lower bound. In the books, the budget law. There was not a lot of discussions that the primary target would be achievable on 27, maybe 28 last year when I was here. 27 was scary because of regulators. They find a way not to change the rules, everything to keep the same path, and then regularly put the precatories under the target, so that's a consistent solution. I think the biggest challenge that we we're gonna have first one is growth. We still need to maintain this structure of growth to keep helping to hold that GDP to keep revenues at a comfortable level to account for the expenses. And on the other side of the equations is the pressure from mandatory expenditures. They have been growing faster than the limit of the fiscal framework, so we need to find the structural measures that could prevent or hold or at the same rule as the fiscal framework, so they can not pressure too much the discretionary expenditures. They are the ones that the executive branch can control and can do it to deliver the primary target. And as Cassiana mentioned, we have a high nominal debt. There's nothing that we can do by law to change interest rates. I think it's more related to content. So once you can show a structural path, holding mandatory expenditures take. out of the pressure of the discretionary ones, and not using too much of fiscal depression as well, the monetary policy can do its job, and then we can see a more benign path for interest rates as well. So we can hold interest rate.

Speaker 1  05:18
I think that you mentioned two points that for me is definitely a big concern is regarding the necessity of growth. We are seeing right now Brazil. I mean everyone super embedded households, corporates, the government, and with this level of interest rates, we already seen that really impact in activity. I think that week after week we have seen the market being surprised on the downside with some activity numbers. This is definitely more recent. It was not the case in the portfolio of the year, but I am quite concerned about global work at the turn of the year with a lot of events with that we had. We just saw fast beginner banking cycle. That when there's going to be more on that, we have like eight of the nine DM central bank that we cover hiking rates until the end of the year, and you also have this moment on the risk of aluminium. Is there a plan B if growth start free to disappoint? Does the government understand that it's very hard to do additional fiscal? consumers in the case that happen. Is that is that discussion live?

Speaker 2  06:50
Yes, I think that the government is more mature to have those kind of discussions, and I will also say that you depend how the home can be distillery and how much can the government support deceleration or even a recession? I think it goes too hard for recessions. That was going to be my main concern. I don't think that is the path. Maybe a deceleration that's going to be a reflection of the monetary monetary policy that we have, and that's why we have those high interest rates to accelerate the economy, and then have a window for inflation come down and the central rates are cutting more aggressively. Rates also depend on the external market as well, and the other events, as you mentioned, aluminium that could put some pressure on inflation, but that's out of of the control. We can keep growing at at least relatively comfortable number. We have been growing at 3% average for the past four years, we could expect the deceleration for below 2% But I think that's well known by the markets and even developments. Below 1% that would be my start to to have concerns, and and then we could start to see some measures to at least smooth this celebration. That's going to be postponed a little bit on the fiscal side.

Speaker 1  08:27
Okay. No, thank you for that. And just to clear right now, a bit more than we forecast 1.3 with a growth from next year. So you're stable, but clearly with downside risk, and I think that we have to be honest. We have been fighting that for a while, and I think that at the margin, at least, the numbers make us a little bit more concerned. So let me turn to you, Lucas. You saw what the manager said in terms of the assumptions, in terms of the measures. Some of the manager in the short term. You are trading Brazil. You're talking about Brazil the whole time. You are one of the traders that funding this deficit as well. Is that enough in the mind of investors, especially on the client side? Do you think this is going to be something enough for this value. How do you see the markets?

Speaker 3  09:25
Yeah, I think it depends very much the clients you ask. Mainly, our local clients we tend to be more critical. You know, the the argument from the private from the public side would be: look, the private sector you guys were expecting at the beginning of this administration that the government would not meet any of its fiscal targets, but we have. So you know, please give us you know the benefit of the doubt here. Investors on their side would say yes, you have reached your fiscal targets, but you've done so by excluding some of the you know some of the expenses from that target. So they tend to be a little bit more critical. I think offshore accounts they tend to compare the Brazilian situation with other places in Colombia, South Africa, Chile, Turkey, Etc. And I think there's some concern there, but a little bit less critical. The market will also, you know, as Danielle said, the process tends to be, or the idea is for the process to be slow but steady. You know, you know, mr. Market is not always as patient as you would want, so you would probably want to see measures like breaking some of the minimal spendings that you have with health and education, or delinking pensions, for example, from from a minimum wage and sort of things that would be sort of like a break from everything that's happened in the past few years, and obviously the big elephant in the room is the election in three months' time, and the market wants to know, you know, okay, there's the budget has been sent to Congress, but what will happen to that budget in November and December? Right, we still have very live in our memories. What happened in past two election cycles, really, where you know constitutional entities were passed, you know, just on the 11th power to allow for much more spending in the first year. So those are the those are the concerns. Let's say the judge is still you know, genes still out, but given the level of rates, the somewhat inability for the Turkey to issue things that most recently, I think it's an end game, right? There's high leverage in the economy, doesn't go well for growth, as you guys said. So I think there is a little bit of a scepticism still with regards to the to the issues. Actually, what I wanted to ask you, because what we see this year is a little bit the issuance going into Reza. So what I'm trying to say is that you know historically, when you read all the talks throughout the years, the objective was always to reduce as much as possible the issues of floating balls, electrons, while increasing normalisation rate due to best practice, and to improve not only the not only the duration, right? The admiration of the debt, but as well as the you know the type of bond being being issued. But this year, I think this has gone into reverse a little bit. So we've had the picture has issued quite a lot more of LFPs, and so the the question I have is kind of like, is this a tactical

Speaker 2  13:00
move? You know, hoping that we're going to be hoping that this is going to be reversed in the near term next year, or is it something more structural? And if it's more structural, what's driving the change in this strategy? Is it does the national traders see too much term premium, the trade, too much volatility, or doesn't want to corroborate the term level of rates. I think the strain answer will be our objective did not change market conditions and especially this year, our long-term goal is to invest towards fixed rate and inflation as account for 70% of the compositional debt, being hard currency around seven and inflation floating at 23. We are probably going to end up the year a little above 50% of the growth. That this is a trend that started happening back on 1516 after the last investment rate, with the foreign investors of the local debt dropped from 20% to 10% and. locals were more. They did not tolerate too much of risk for the fixed rates, and then we start increasing the floating. In a few years, because of the last decade, when market conditions are too noisy. as I could say, we would rather stay out, take some of the risks, and issue photos that is more acceptable. We can extend motivation, but the maturities that LFTs are six years, and we can take pressure from the short term, and then have an opportunity to roll over later, and it happens a few times in the past as well. Once we have a more benign monetary policy, that will reflect on the cost of the contract as well. So two years ago, when the setup rate hikes 200 points, that hurts because of how much we have on LFTs, but on the other hand, when they start cutting, if they cut more aggressively, that would reflect on the cost of the of debts as well. So, what happened this year is the Iran war, Ukraine war kept pushing prices as well. Market condition was not as deceptive as it was last year. For example, we had to issue more LFPs, but now we are in an environment that we could go back to issue more balances. For these past few weeks, we have old issuance of LSE, the start shooting more in the sixth grade. So that's the strategy maintaining the same. Hopefully, we'll have the opportunity to start seeking the long-term goal for next year. So the thinking of the of the 15% you mentioned at the end of the year is do you expect that to go down next year? And if not, is there a level where you get really, really uncomfortable and you don't? Is there like a magic number? I don't have to think on magic numbers. That's always figure out how it's going to be wrong. Yeah, next year we have most of us matured in that year. It's floating, so that's how we know opportunities to change. We're starting improving on the composition, so more than 50% or something. What happened last year? We shoot more fixed rate, and still we have an increase of the floating because was actually much more fixed than floating. So that is not low magic number, and that management is always a reflection of the economic policy. So if we have, if we we go on the right directions, especially after election, I think that would open up the window to start the improvement that that we are planning to. And just one comment that you you spoke at the beginning of your speech was about elections, and I tend to agree it's scarce because of the constitutional amendment level change, the past few elections, the thing that calmed down is that the discussions in these elections are different from the past elections and the other one. We are much more on a consensus that something on the fiscal side needs to be done. You see, Canada is not saying I'm gonna increase minimum wage by X or Y, and the other one. I'm gonna increase more. Now we have a consensus from the economic team that something needs to be addressed.

Speaker 2  18:15
How can you contain military expenditures? So I think we are more mature, not to fall on the same mistakes in the past. That's always a risk, but I have more confidence in that. The economy, even with this lowdown, is doing well. Inflation above target, but it's still the lowest on average that the country has ever had. Thai labour market, employment. So everything is leaning towards some orders, so that's why try to hang on my hopes.

Speaker 1  18:50
We'll be watching the debates if economic issues like trends turn up to be discussed. I mean, we all know that one of the most important measures, and Lucas has already mentioned that, but it's exactly the increase on minimum wage. I think that we we saw some signs even in the initial financing trying to curb the the amount that you can increase in real terms, minimum wage. The market is focusing on that, not only on the fiscal side, but also the indirect impact it has on service inflation, and it's going to be an important thing to watch going forward. But one thing that you mentioned was that you have A large amortisation of the floating next year. We estimate that probably next year you need to fund around 2.1 trillion of URL. I mean, from amortisations to funding those assets, rezavations around that level, and my question to you is that I mean, on the top of the concerns regarding fiscal policy that hurts credibility on the MTMBs on term bonds, but I think that what we haven't seen in the local market is that a huge competition with other instruments, especially the incentivized instruments, infrastructure bonds, and and others LLCs, LSA, LSCAs. So, is there? I mean, how do you see the priority of potentially your team on the municipal finance now? But even on the discussions that you also participated in Congress, that we could see a change on that. How much of a priority it is for the treasury to compete at least in equal standards with the private sector.

Speaker 2  21:08
Last year, the government tried to address at least a small part of this sort that has been happening in the market, but it was sent to Congress with a lot of other measures, and then there was a lot of resistance, and executive order was not approved. But the treasury has always been vocal that these inefficiency start hurting, especially the linkers. So I think from our side we know that we need to change a much more pro more equal tax routine that we we don't have any efficiency on the market, and if we need to incentivize some sectors, that's other more efficient ways to do it. The talks that I have with markets is there's a consensus on that. That's starting hurrying, and I know that fiscals always comes to mind, but that inefficient plays a part as well on how high real interest rates are. So maybe for a company where they see that they can issue the same level of the treasury, they think it's a good idea, but they're issueing seven and a half. Maybe it would be better to issue 100 basis points up and re-rate at six. So that's so I think that start to be a consensus on the market, even from investors. But the discussion is always tough because you you need to target tax, and it needs to be something that you can show us neutral that's targeting for the efficiency of the market rather than to get revenue. So maybe last year was try to reduce a little bit on the other instruments and increase on LCI's infrastructure demanders, so some kind of those approach. I think that's a consensus on the market, and hopefully after election we will have at least push to start really discussing and have a solution with a transitory pack as well.

Speaker 1  23:21
So would you agree that I mean beyond the problem that it hurts, I mean it's a competition to treasury bonds, but also these instruments, especially the incentivized instruments, they don't have as much liquidity as the private loans. They are not usually market to market, so they also create some distortions and some concerns on the private market. When we look, I mean, I just said, I mean, my main concern for the colony is actually the level of the magnets of all the sectors. We haven't seen more recently, and this audience definitely is concerned. But the credit, the corporate credit events in Brazil, I think that's a lot. Some large companies that have access to external markets. Imagine the local ones that don't have access, and also, I mean, do you see a risk that maybe underlooking some risk of maybe the government will or additional quasi fiscal? Up to

Speaker 2  24:53
this point, I don't think so. Of course, there's a risk. I think the biggest risk is the impact that those companies, if they start to struggle, would have on economic growth, tax revenues, etc. Even the the ones that are related to some state-owned companies, I think that that would spill over to have a support or fiscal support from from from the border, but I think the main concern will be on the economy, and that discussion goes back to interest rates. The level of interest rates is very hard for companies to be funded. So I think the solution would need to come on more fiscal fluviancies to tackle this fiscal framework continue this gradual path, that open up the the window for interest rates come down, and then the companies will be able to roll over that even with less liquidy. And on the first point I mentioned about the sent by the ventures, since they they are strong in the less liquidity, even a solution is to have a condition period. Now, to even though I would love just change in one day, so we have a better test tissue and candies, we know that it needs to be responsible, so we don't break toy before we we come up with solutions. So yeah, it's a concern, but I wouldn't write up as a fiscal month. It's

Speaker 3  26:30
more related to the impact on the economy, and until this point, we are still more comfortable than whatever. I wanted to touch base on still the issues and kind of going back to somewhat similar to my original question again. Throughout my whole close career, when I was you know we're waiting for the path to come out and we're going to read the path and ask someone to make a you know make make a summary of it: the the the role of the external debt was always relatively small. I think at least in part is a function of some very bad memories and expensive lessons from from the 90s. And you mentioned around 7% of the debt. So I wanted to to to understand how how is it that we should be looking at these external issues at the moment. We hear a lot about sort of what actually the measure is for it, the size of the issuances. Again, we've been struggling a little bit to issue big seed bond. Is is the external issues? And an answer to that is there a change in strategy on that front as well? Historically, the way I kind of saw it, the alternative issuing dollar bonds and ear bonds was much more about trying to you know build out an interest rate an interest rate survey could be used as a benchmark for corporates actually and not so much like your main source of you know funding is that still the case is this moving in any direction first sorry for you to have to read the angle of boring band in the past for too long. Now we consolidated as last stages to go through, but yes, I think

Speaker 2  28:30
external strategy. We moved from the worries of the past back when I was a kid, or back on the early 1000s, the struggle was the external model. So whenever we had currency depreciation, that follows the risk of external default that happened in the 80s, and I think that was in everyone's mind for a longer period of time, and we were able to reduce the participation of effects from 45% to even below 4% Last year we end up at 3.8, but then a few years back, we realised that we were missing the opportunities and the benefits. The benefits that come with service insurance, the external duration, fixed rate, a broader investor base, so participation on the index, and we saw our peers at the cost, of course. We saw our peers being much more than Brazil. So the first step was a change on the long-term goals that was done back on the 2024. So we moved from five to seven to 7% and then we restart increasing issuances. So until 2024, the highest of the year was around $5 billion. Last year, we were able to issue around $10 billion on the annual borrowing plan. We announced that we at least would issue the same amount. We have done already 11 with two transactions in dollars and euros last year. I promised a lot of investors here that I would come to the euro market. I feel my promise, and I can promise that we are going to come back every year. That's not going to be a one-off. So that's as you mentioned, is to build the curve, to build to build the confidence, to build the investor base, to build a relationship, a long-term relationship with with the region. So I think the main strategy we focus on dollars and euros. So I think they are the the markets that can support the size of the issuance of Brazil meaningfully, we could even see another reduction for this year as well. We still have time, hopefully, with a market receptiveness, and then maybe it can achieve around maybe 15 billion. And also, we are open to explore other currencies. When you mentioned fundoban yeah, it doesn't have the size as Europe or the U.S. but China is the biggest partner of Brazil. So it makes sense to start the presence there, open up business, especially relationship for other companies as well. So I don't see as something to replace dollar yields. It's more to a lot of other objectives as well. Our main company is still in dollars and euros. And just I want to mention we just as an authorization to the sanitary, that's probably in everyone's mind for 35 billion dollars a year of issuances, just to make everyone calm. That doesn't mean that we are going to issue 35 billion dollars every year. That is just to give the flexibility for the public debt to get to the 7% in the long term. So maybe in a course of 10 years, the 35 would still be enough as a limit for us to issue Brazil to issue external relief senators. So that's not something that we are going to change from five to 10 to 35. So that's going to be as low path as a gradual, and of course, only market can afford the issue. Just

Speaker 1  32:48
a follow-up on that. As an economist for Brazil, it always makes me feel, especially since 2003, made me feel more comfortable that Brazil, the sovereign, was not more dollar. I think that we we always discuss this as one important question, and when you compare Brazil with other peers, especially I mean in Latin America that I work on, it's very comfortable to say that well, the government is lacking dollars. The size, I mean, most of our debt is in local currency. More than 95 percent, 90 percent of that held by residents. But at the same time, I think that is also important to acknowledge that Brazilian the treasury revenues over the years, especially given the increase on the population in the oil sector, is going to be a bad oil exporter. There is also a change more recent in the more recent years is also linked to dollars as well, so it makes sense from composition for the the treasury to have more participation of external debt, not just to give the curve, but also in terms of funding because your revenues are limited to dollars, so it makes sense. Do you have a sense? I mean, do you think that this 7% was something that we put there just because we we had the trauma of being short dollars, or this is already discussing the fact that you also have revenues in dollars?

Speaker 2  34:43
I think yes. First, as you said, the revenues are natural head for us in terms of tax exposure. Also, we still have higher volume of external reserves. I think that the country could support even more than 7% but I don't want to start a discussion there since I haven't achieved not even close to the 7% We had 5% for a long period of time, and we stayed below for most of cap below four, sometimes even closer to three. So I think the first step is change the target and really see the 7% Once we are close there or or close, we can open up the discussion. See if doesn't make sense. Increase for nine or 10. My mind it might seem right as well, but I don't want to take that step before I get to the seven.

Speaker 1  35:52
No, got it. Any questions from the audience? I was getting so so many questions on pixels, and then you have the one that's signing the check. There are no questions. No, so let us continue. I think that there are some priorities in terms of the fiscal year, and one of the main points for the Brazilian economy here in Liberia is also implementation of the tax reform. I know that we ask that question a lot, and there is still under discussion. Do you have a feeling? There is still thinking around what's going to be the average, the final DAT? But how do you see the implementation of the tax reform? Let's just recall here: Brazil approved a broader DAT tax reform back in 2013. The implementation would start gradually, but more specifically, beginning of 2020, you have to start the IBS, the National Gut. In our view, I mean, this is something that will be a game changer in terms of productivity gains for the Brazilian companies. That just to reduce the complexity of the tax system, but in a moment that you also are dealing with struggling with the fiscal concerns, this can have also there is a concern what will be the short-term tax on revenues and so forth. If you could discuss a little bit on that,

Speaker 2  37:40
yeah, I think my first comment is that tax system in Brazil was always a problem. There's a decades of discussions on that point, and 23, when it was approved, even with a lot of not perfect, I think there was a consensus that wasn't going to be good for the country in terms of efficiency. That's studies from IMF, for example, that could have a point of growth for the next one or two decades. So good because of efficiency. But since we have a very complex system, we need to be step by step. As you mentioned, we are gonna do the first step for 2027. The CDS are gonna replace these PIS, coffins, and two other texts, and that's going to be very regular because we need to test. I think that the the challenge will be the fiscal reform. The tax reform needs to be neutral, so we need to find, and it's going to be fine. I think by the end of the year, the first trial of the CDS. But I cannot lose revenue, and I cannot tax too much. So I think that's this equilibrium from that's going to be the key point. That's why we're going to start with the federal that we have a more control, and it will be done by 2033 with all of the changes on the budget that was sent to Congress. There's already an estimate to the CBS revenues that will come, and it's still due to compare to on average upon a period of time. But could add a little bit and help a little bit on the on the revenue. But I think that the main gain will be the efficiency for the economy because studies say. that companies in the developed economy takes 30 days to do the tax return, emerging markets maybe 45, and in Brazil three to four months. That shows that the companies need to have bigger tax departments rather than focus on logistics, efficiency, productivity, and then once we change to that, the focus would reproductive health.

Speaker 1  40:12
No, and not to mention the misallocation of capital, right? You're centralised in areas that makes no sense from a logistic point of view, to have the production and then create this whole this whole chain. So one final question to you is that I mean you're you already met more than 30 investors yesterday. We've done some roundtable with macro investors as well, what are the main concerns that you're hearing from those? That do you where do you think it's unfair, and where do you what do you recognise that yes is something that the treasury, the government, the

Speaker 2  41:00
fiscal policy needs to improve. So that will go back to one of the Lucas points that at the beginning of the the govern term they were sceptical about delivering the primary targets, and then the government delivered, and and it wasn't enough, and that's a discussion, especially with locals. And now we now the government start to realise that even if you don't agree that it's your fault that interest rates are so high, you are the one who needs to fix it, and so you cannot say, "Okay, it's not my fault. It's not my problem. It's our problem, and we need to address that to give bring back the confidence. So the things that I hear the most locals and foreign investors is, "Okay, you are doing the gradual improvements, but since interest rates are so high, we need to see a little more effort and to see the concerns, especially that will be bring the confidence in interest rates down. So, and I think that's as I mentioned becoming a consensus between economists in Brazil, even those money is addressed. So after election, I expect to have a more harder and transparent approach to really target, especially expenditures, because most of the fiscal adjustments were done to recompose revenue. So I think markets expecting something that that can show that any government, I think the country is willing willingness to hold the growth of expenditure, especially among the products. So I think that's the clear answer that the market wants to be this commitment to fiscal prudency. So, and with that, and the other agenda is that to boost productivity, economics, we have specials like data centres, minerals, etc. Together with fiscal proof, that's just the path that the investors want to hear, either locals or. public sector.

Speaker 1  43:25
No, definitely, and I think that's also. I mean, Brazil is in a geopolitical and geographic context that can really benefit from the current cycle and all this volatility ahead of election in Flint. on the concerns of fiscal policy and sustainability is definitely holding off until we are great. But hopefully, we are going to see that in the next in the next four years. Let's see. Well, with that, I would really thank you for your participation and especially the dialogue that I think is very progressive. So we are investigating and also I mean hopefully


Transcribed by https://otter.ai