Speaker 1  00:01
So very keen to get all of your views on the asset class from a top-down view. In Reza, is you know where we've heard a lot today. Maybe Brian, I can start with you. We were talking about a week ago, and we get Matt said it's a great story. But question is, is it still a great story?

Speaker 2  00:20
Yeah, look, it's been a great story so far, but I think my definition of a great story is different from others. If you look at GDIEM, if you look at the ME, it hasn't been. It has been resilient in the face of meaningful turbulence, but it hasn't. It hasn't been resilient. The general feeling is we've got dollar softness. The trick is for every emerging market currency that has appreciated against the dollar, there's an emerging market currency that has depreciated, and at least in spot space, actually the dollar has fractionally outperformed. What does that mean? That means that carry has been fantastic. If it's been well managed, and its dispersion and differentiation has been the name of the game. So for every Colombia, there's an India. For every South Africa, there's Thailand. The qualities have been an outstanding white shark ratio shore, etc. So you know. So, at the at the asset level, it's been an extraordinary opportunity. It's just not been easy. We run in FX space outside the front. Very, very dot neutral. All sort of volatility weighted. That's been great trade, but yeah, the asset class in general, you know, rezaumian yes, great

Speaker 1  01:48
no. Okay, Sid, what about your senses again in terms of getting market on you know what's happened this year and actually more importantly, or the long-term advice?

Speaker 3  01:58
Yeah, the thing is, why has global market? I mean, the precursor is that global risk markets have been very disruptive. Why has that been the case? With all these shocks, what hasn't really impacted this year compared to the last couple of years is that the earnings have come through trend, and that's kept global markets very disruptive. Whether these are even coming through because of fiscal in the U.S. AI spending, blah blah, all of those things that's been constructed. Currently, EM has been obviously talked about a lot. EM comes into these sort of mini shops in a position of strength. You have high carry. Ratings are improving. Balance payments are better. Certain accounts are better, etc. So it's a it's a it's a good time to be in the end in these kind of shocks. The big factor, in my view, is always and you were discussing this earlier. Is is dollar you know dollar the way it has behaved, you can basically hide in front of Karim, obviously selectively. But if that changes, then obviously a lot of change. So where does it leave us? Again, we are not excited by valuations in IT space or again front and carry in in selective markets, selective high yield markets, particularly frontier markets. $9, but it's it's not the only ones. And then again in the corporate space, selective high yield markets still okay. I think the next couple of weeks could be very decisive, depending on where rates end up, whether it is you know we get complied where we go. Is importantly, this only how this oil end up going to end up.

Speaker 1  03:58
Right. Thank you. Any ideas?

Speaker 4  04:01
Yeah. Look, I think I agree. For the way I would put it, as fundamental-wise, EM is rezaminium, but valuations not that great anymore, right? So, if we take a step back, when we came into the year, EM was in a very good shape. External balances were very good. Fiscals were improving. A lot of debt had been rolled over. Corporate balance sheets and household balance sheets were looking a lot better compared to when we entered 2022 with the same energy shock we had in 2022. And even after the energy shock this year and the increase in real rates, I think EM has done the right things by and far. They haven't given a lot of subsidies. Real rates have been higher. EMs have responded with increasing rates and done the right things. And so far, global growth has held up okay, which is really been of great help to EM. Whether that's because of AI, FX, and the interfaith coordinates because of, but global growth holding okay has been a break up to EM, and so I think fundamentals-wise, that's why EM is still in a good shape to weather that storm, and that's why I say fundamentals-wise, EM is still resilient. We don't see many defaults apart from some countries here and there which are already price points. Later, example. of getting there. But otherwise, we don't we don't see much in that way. But if we look at valuations, valuations now often look at half prices most of the optimism. So from here on, I agree. I think what we are looking at is country selection and dispersion frontier opportunities. And the way I would put it is again like high carry in middle and front ends of the curves wherever we can get it and still keeping underweight in the long end, which is where there is a lot of competition for capital and that's where a lot of IG DM is competing. Okay, thank you. I

Speaker 2  06:00
mean, just I mean to add, resilience has been a function of growth, has been a function of earnings, but it's been a function of a relatively stable dollar. This would be a very different year if we had any sense of your traditional dollar strength. So we've been we've been helped by the U.S. administration, and we would not be Reza. We are given the valuations.

Speaker 2  06:30
We we had a get out of jail free card this year, without question. We're all hiding in the rational front end. We're all hiding in rational high carry. We're all hiding in the same place.

Speaker 1  06:45
what about if we have year treasuries, you know, 5% five and a half? How was the US plus a week, and that was a major concern for valued equity? If we're hiding, treasuries at five and a half.

Speaker 2  06:55
Okay, well, it's never about the level; it's all about the speed. People know that over the last 25 years or so, where we've had relatively modern emerging markets, it's about speed plus the dollar. We only really sell off as a function of speed angle. We're not getting dollar at the moment, although it's starting to look a little bit different at the moment. And you know, we're vastly more cautious than we were previously. I mean, vastly more cautious. Yeah. Once again, it's probably a head fake, honestly. But you know, with a war on two fronts now, and the U.S. materially hamstrung in the Middle East, I think caution given positioning, given valuations, given year to day. Yeah, we're just sceptical.

Speaker 1  07:49
Okay, let's start to delve into some of the the markets themselves. So let's start with local markets. You know, it's actually had solid inflows this year. I think it's got the most like all the effects on income. Decent inflows last year. Indexes have a small positive. I think, as you mentioned, front and FX carry, which in a way might all mean more to be on the dollar rather than actually support it, but EM fundamentals. But what are you in terms of EM both as an asset class? As obviously looking for solvents and corporates as well, the standalone. How do you see it attractiveness?

Speaker 3  08:22
So I'd say in in local currency, you know, obviously softer dollar has been supported. It is necessary condition, not a sufficient condition for a local currency to perform. High carry, high starting yield is also the same. It is a necessary condition, but not necessarily sufficient. Take the example of Colombia, which has been the best performer this year in FX. Beginning of the year, Colombia had good value. You could argue that FX was somewhat undervalued, but in the first six months, actually total in Colombia in dollar terms was negative until May, I'd say. So you need a capitalist as well, and obviously the capitalist came, and then since then you had a whatever from the lows, what 40 45% rally in colonial assets. So I'd say it's not. You have to be discerning. You have to be selective. It's not. You wouldn't blindly go into stuff which has high carry. You need the fundamentals to improve the capitalists there. And again, on the other side, flip side, Colombia. We started taking chips off the last few weeks because the market has basically front loaded over the terms. That's what it seems like. There is a massive financing gap that they need to fill in. So again, you need to kind of circulate capital. You can't just hide and just looking at absolute yields and carry.

Speaker 1  10:02
Yeah, your your view on the locals' overall asset class.

Speaker 4  10:06
Yeah, I think again, if I go take a step back, I think so far the shock has been fairly manageable for energy. If you look at it in 2022, the inflation shock was like over 3% across the end. But this kind of energy move. So far, we are expecting about 0.81% for sure, which I think is a lot more manageable than what happened in 2022. Now, obviously, oil keeps going higher; those that will change. But so far, I think the shock has been manageable, and the response has been fairly aggressive as well in terms of EMs doing the right thing in terms of of raising rates, in my view. Whereas if you go back to the COVID period and having another shock, there were a lot of subsidies still in place. The transportation mechanism was not as strong. So I think that helps. But yeah, I think we have to combine that with where there is a catalyst for for something to happen, and where there is a domestic slowdown happening at the same time, inflation is coming off. That's where I think local will perform better. And we we've taken chips off in Colombia as well. We quite like Brazil. We think there is domestic slowdown coming through both companies on the domestic side in terms of households, but also in terms of profit leverage slowing down, and that will have an impact irrespective of the elections that will be run.

Speaker 1  11:27
So, I wanted to ask you about that answer. I see obviously Philip has been permanent election cycle. We had Crimea market as a result very positively. That's been a great reform story. Brazil, as you know, is just weeks away, and it won't be long before we start to balance.

Speaker 2  11:48
It's been a great year to be an old school, you know, economist. It's been a great year to be a political watcher. Watching the catalyst in Colombia was not an easy trend. It was a binary trend. But I think most people who watched it deeply managed to monetize a chunk of Colombia either in FX or in rates or both. And I think, by and large, given the binary outcome ahead of us in Brazil, much will be the same whether your chosen avenues, equity rates, or FX. You know, Brazil looks like you can trade it the day after the first round. I think it's probably where most most of the money, yeah. Most of the money is made, so it's been great watching capitalist political change. Turkey, it's been great to watch politically. Anybody who's been Turkey repeatedly has got pretty comfortable that yeah the regime as it currently stands isn't changing, and that's been a rewarding trade. And then shifting to Asia, you know, Korea, Taiwan have been most recently great trades. Obviously, Korea outstanding. You know, that was just doing the hard numbers, doing the close numbers, just getting up an Excel spreadsheet, opening up Chapinboard's database, using Haver, etc. It was all there to be had. Yeah, none of this is easy, but it was all there to be had. India is having an adjustment to the change in its software sector, and we think the Philippines is as well. We think these countries are acknowledging the changing world, the Philippines not touching its reserves and its repricing its global competitiveness through the through the currency to handle the next 10 years. It's been a really great and rewarding year for those you know who've who've wanted to differentiate at the bottom up using pretty old school tools.

Speaker 1  14:04
mentioned Turkey quickly. Obviously, Karim's starting compressed positioning is always a concern.

Speaker 2  14:12
We are relaxed at the moment. We think the election cycle lends itself to we think we know their reaction function in terms of the use, not just net reserves, global reserves, and some of the other machinery that they can adopt and have very effectively adopted it. I think the policy is there for all to see, and outside of some materially gargantuan risk that we haven't seen, and we've seen some pretty big ones this year already. Turkey looks in PCK. Okay, it's somewhere between 10 and 12 nets of depreciation. But last but not to check, that's a sharp ratio around about three.

Speaker 1  14:58
It's okay. Sid, you have any different news there on Turkey?

Speaker 4  15:02
I was going to say I have a slightly different view. We've taken some tips up the table, both in Turkey and Egypt. I think not in Egypt. Well, not because not because of elections in Turkey. We think the policy continues. We will be there, but I think El Nino is going to be a risk, and I think that is going to impact food. I think inflation spiking up and heading into winter in Turkey, we run the risk of another round of minimum wages, which might be above market and so on. So we've taken some profitable. It's been a great trade so far. I think what we are sticking with is more countries where there's a positive terms of trade shock and where inflation starts

Speaker 1  15:48
coming

Speaker 3  15:49
down. I mean, we've done much. I I I think we've we've kind of we've done some reductions. We we were mainly positioning the focus. We've kind of shocked.

Speaker 1  16:05
Okay, once on the frontier, not just because it's the name of the conference, we also have a separate analogous data. You know, but it's obviously been a big theme throughout the year: transgender, soft dollar, asynchronous, great parity. You know, I'd like to talk about some of the individual markets, but also just your your view on the actual thesis for investing in planting markets. You know, so maybe start with you because you you have you know dedicatedly there. Yeah, my view is as strong as ever in terms of the arguments for investing.

Speaker 3  16:36
Yeah, I mean it's it's a little bit less strong than it was a year ago in terms of valuations, but the overall yeah the basic field still still there. We talk specifically local. Yeah, yeah. I mean you have to be very selective, but in many of these countries, there's very significant real news that we have, and that does not change, participate in. is supported across a number of names with Karim, like Matt mentioned. It's a great story. And then, apart from a couple, obviously in Nigeria, actually, we're positioning is not not very crowded. So you know, do you have the potential for more money to come in? So. And

Speaker 1  17:24
on the two names, Egypt, Nigeria, and also I'm interested. Are there any other names that may not be on people's radar? Right, those are those are two obviously ones to go for because they carry inside the market. Anyone under the radar,

Speaker 3  17:37
Egypt and Nigeria. I think we we all know the issues there, right? The listing is very heavy. I don't know what the latest numbers are, but between spending 30 billion of all the capital there. But Egypt did have a little test earlier this year, right? And they kind of passed. They did the right thing in terms of letting the currency crack. And Nigeria overall is a better story. You know, the things that were worse for Nigeria, oil exports, etc. Just things locally, they are still valid. So, if you're if you're aware of positioning, if you know that you know things can get a little bit ugly in the short term, then you got okay trades in the short term. Other names we've been looking at was

Speaker 1  18:31
Brad. I know Borgers has been very involved in this space for a while. Before we go to individuals again, what's your view on frontier as an asset class?

Speaker 2  18:40
It's it's been a great monetizable asset for a long time. The speed that the central banks generally move at enables most of the faster flexible capital to move ahead a bit, so you know the risk events can be yeah can be managed. But you know I think Egypt's in a new regime now. I mean, Egypt's the quasi floating rate currency now, having been having been fixed. I think Nigeria is better today than it was six months ago. So I think one place where valuation, at least if you look at it at a headline level, might be a little bit easier once you've accounted for the fundamental shift in Nigeria, I think, is actually cheaper. You know, six months ago. Yeah, controversially, we think Turkey is a fantastic country as well. I mean, we look at it through the same the same lens, and that makes it a bigger space for us. Yeah, Kazakhstan, it has the other belong in Nigeria. They're the two standouts. Everyone should have a decent position in those two headquarters. I think the rest of the spectrum is either much more challenged on the real rate spaces. Egypt challenged. Egypt's a different path, and we have much less in Egypt. So I just-you have to be open-minded. I think it's been great. It's likely to continue to be being great, but doesn't mean it's just Egypt and Nigeria. I think Egypt's very secondary for us for us now. One day, Argentina might offer, you know, you know, frontier-like returns in FX. We watch that space with both. So yeah, it's front and centre part of what we do and what we intend to do, you know, on a strategic three-five year type of cycle. But we're quickly flexible, and we're running less risk in the space than at any time in the last 18 months, two years outside of that blip around. Are

Speaker 1  20:52
you buying this uncorrelated diversified, or when the end goes?

Speaker 2  20:57
I think it depends how I end goes. If it's a liquidity crisis, yes, it's correlation one. But even then, you know, going back to March of 2020, it's that it's that reaction function of central banks. You know, the central banks in COVID gave you amport window to get out. I think the Egyptians learned their lesson with that gap. I think Nigeria is in a very, very different position, and I don't worry about positioning at all in Nigeria, given the 55% against somewhere between 22 and 16 involvement. That's just concerned. So, yeah, just yeah. Watch what you're doing. Yeah, these things. The more yeah, the more common they get, the harder they get. It's in everyone's books to some degree. So it's not going to be as easy as it was, but it's strategically, it's still a great place to play, and there is a lack of flexible capital that has it in its

Speaker 1  22:08
view. Me, I see you've been nodding quite a bit the last few minutes. All you agree with Brad on this?

Speaker 4  22:12
Yeah, yeah, I agree with Brad. I think if it's $1-led move, which is quick move in real years, then it will be a correlation of one. Sometimes capital just gets pulled out of RPM, and that's where positioning matters more. But if it is an energy shock and it's a slower move, then then there is a lot of differentiation, whether that's an energy importer or an energy exporter, and I think that makes very different what the government trade looks like. So that's why this again coming back to Karim and Nigeria. let's turn

Speaker 1  22:46
to credit. Spread to be in a range, right here. Spreads have been based in five or so. Again, you can use the word resilient geopolitics, whether it's hyperscaler, etc. So, what's the trade thing? You know, is it just a trust in the employees, trust in the technicals by by idea and shut your eyes. Or you know, what do you guys think is the start? You know, what is their shortest actually going to work? And again, every seven years, let's leave the distress space. Yeah,

Speaker 4  23:13
I think the trade is still as I started with, which is I don't think there's a trade in beta. But last night, overall, we as usual beta as it gets, you can construct a path where it is a hedge fund, global growth hold strong, really stabilise around these levels for a little while, then you're fine. I think they're special for being under out there. But on the flip side, I think what we're playing it through is still front belly of the curve in countries which are doing the right things, which are still still resilient and and give you high carrier. Whether that's Africa or Argentina, that's your usual suspects, and you can hide in the front beneath the curve, and and you don't have to worry about the long end space, which is where there is at the moment competition for capital. I think from from AI capex, from defence spending, from energy rebuilding of infrastructure, or transition away from the orthodox sources of energy. So I think that's those are the things still to avoid for now, and and we can hide in front to belly of the curve and and still get pretty decent yields there. I think there is an argument to be made there because the yields are attractive, even though spread might be much higher. The

Speaker 1  24:29
M's would cope a lot with fixed income how you should get some sort of opportunities.

Speaker 3  24:36
Yeah, yeah. I mean, I agree with that. I think the IG space, pizza space does not look attractive at all. In fact, you can make arguments that it is expensive, very expensive compared to rest of options globally. You know, I know it's not the perfect comparison at all, but similar-ish ratings. Peru Long End trades what 75 through Meta Long End used to be obviously decently viable. So there is there is there's a pool of capital which can allocate globally. I think they're going to ask a lot of questions whether we go into this EM long dated sovereign IG stuff or we buy stuff which has the excellence earnings etc. So yeah, I agree completely in the IT space. Not a lot of opportunities in the high yield space. You have to be aware of of the risk, obviously, but there are plenty of good stories. Unfortunately, a lot of them end up being in the in the lower end of the high yield space, the double B space, even single B space in southern land is pretty expensive. So a lot of that is in the cuspy single B, low single B, single B kind of range. But you have good stories. You have Lola, which is you know decent story given that much deep right about there. You have Gabon, which has had a positive society. You have some some you and

Speaker 1  26:09
the team traversing this space a lot. How and again, we'll Reza for a second, but how do you see the opportunities for the board from a headline perspective, long or short? I think

Speaker 2  26:20
you make the right play. It depends on your map, right? Yeah. If I was sitting here on the real money side of the equation, I'd be pretty comfortable with it. Yeah. But if I'm on the hedge fund space, it's just not interesting. So, you know, we're all AI assisted these days, and Claude is an amazing tool, so it enables you to sort of model everything every wishbone, and every single model of emerging market credit spreads suggests that we are at the all-time highs. So they're not

Speaker 1  26:55
being sure.

Speaker 2  26:56
So to that point, and do not follow advice here because I have a fantastic history of losing money in credit shorts. But we are materially short credit, so any credit longs and they are limited. We have you know more than volatility adjusted on credit shorts, so we are considerably net short credit. Unsurprisingly, we're net short the back. We are net short tight sovereigns. That looks to us like it is eventually over the next two years going to suffer the competition of capital. It seems to me that investment grade, looking at the CDX IG in the US trading at 90 basis points. You know, odds on you're either going to lose a little or make quite a lot being short. The median outcome is probably still to lose money. Don't get me wrong. I'm probably still going to lose money, but I'm not going to lose that much. Whereas I think the convexity you own by being short these, at least as a hedge fund, is pretty meaningful. The same applies if you're materially underway. You are going to probably be given an opportunity to buy these at a lot lower levels. You know, emerging markets are still OTC markets. We still rely on the large S of JT Norm, amongst others, to provide liquidity in the space, liquidity is a fickle animal. You know, the convexity option of being short, frankly, long dated IG, both in the U.S. and in emerging markets, and run interesting distress, interesting high yield against it to run some FX. Yeah, some of the other things you've spoken about that seems like a sensible structure. On the point of competition of capital, actually, we are not just competing with AI. You know, AI capex is don't know maybe seven, $800 billion this year. 50% of which is funded by equity. The other 50% I think, pretty much half of it is funded privately. So you're looking at what $200 billion of public debt coming in in the AI space. Correct me if I'm wrong. I think the U.S. actually has to fund $10 trillion in the next 12 months. So it's not just AI. But that's the really, really interesting question. Are we moving to a new paradigm where some traditional credits can begin to trade very, very tightly to treasuries because they're a they're an alternative home for capital, and you're seeing some of the French covered bonds trading side of French OATs slightly different,

Speaker 1  29:55
but you know we're walking the same path. Have you seen any aim before, which is maybe a state of the other world this week? Let's turn to a bit of credit, which hopefully is interesting. So the restructuring space. So obviously we have Venezuela at the start of the year. The power back to highs on the headlines, oil deal. The parapro that goes on, tennis on the club. Lebanon's obviously been riding a bit higher. Again, Brad, let's start with you. How do you see this space at the moment? You've been involved in the past. You think the opportunities as good as it has been? How do you see these playing out? What kind of timelines are you looking at? So, the the big positive

Speaker 2  30:30
is you know between certainly Venezuela, Lebanon, and to a lesser extent Senegal. There's quite a lot to do, and these are large numbers. Venezuela is a dainty bond restructuring. I'm, let's be honest, open-minded about Venezuela. You can certainly construct scenarios where, as a distressed bond investor today, you make a lot of money. But I'm very cognizant that they have put out the debt envelope of 240 billion. We can all argue about what the underlying GDP is, but it ain't anywhere close to 240 billion. So a big haircut is probably justifiable. They're going to issue a DSA without an IMF anchor, and the IMF looked like they've really rolled away from this at the moment, and then you've got the wild card of the U.S. administration, which maybe they want a quick restructuring, maybe they want a tough restructuring, maybe they maybe they've got the capacity of the various machinery around the Venezuelan structure to be coercive. I think that's a real risk. So it was a it was a lucky and fantastic trade last year into this year. I think at 55, I'm open minded to it being 40 or 60. Senegal, I think they're going to get an easy deal, but again, much less yeah, much less upside. Lebanon confounds me. They've been very lucky in their gold reserves. Yeah, Lebanon fundamentally cannot produce hard currency. Has never produced hard currency. Will never produce hard currency. It is forever a Ponzi scheme of one form or another, that doesn't mean you aren't going to be able to monetize it in very short term, but it is just not long term, not long term investable until they completely and utterly change that model, and I doubt if I'll still be working. Did

Speaker 1  32:41
you have more bullish out of

Speaker 3  32:45
I mean, I agree. The easy money is made in Benny, but still, after three, if you were to force me, that would be the most constructive story for us. Again, there is seems like there is willingness or there is initiative for to get it sorted in the next one year, right? And I, we also worry about the the unreliable transaction into the U.S. But ultimately, it seems like they want to get it done for their best. But this is

Speaker 2  33:16
a restructuring that, because it's not the actual system. The IMF is wide open, so very out of the

Speaker 3  33:23
portal. Yeah,

Speaker 2  33:24
and and and I think they're going to treat different counterparties differently, and that's just going to be very hard

Speaker 3  33:31
for us. It could also be one of those which you know you have a discussion, but then you just pick it, and then you have another one. There's new administration on both sides, and. again. Yeah, we agree. There's there's there's too many unknowns, too many uncertainties in our gold, whether it is included or not, whether it is devalued, the BDL loan to the government, all of those things. It's not slammed up at all. And then Senegal again. I mean, we are-we don't know any. Not yet. Not at these levels. There will be monitoring. They will have to have a team. So I think at these levels, it does look very attractive to us. Yeah, I think for us as well, I would say Venezuela and Ukraine have bigger positions. We still think this law on hydrocarbons and dollars with the U.S. puts Venezuela in much better position.

Speaker 4  34:30
They're sensitive for investment to come. Let's see how much it is, and I think that will help with the debt parameter as well, or maybe an upside wall at some point. And yes, you might end up in a situation where you have another restructuring down the road when there are free and fair elections and there's a new administration in place. But I think in the meantime, you could get still get upside. Ukraine, I think, still funded Gesturic. I think one still joined with the upside that if there is some sort of resolution to that process at some point, on Lebanon, I think the timing is a lot more drawn up. It has done very very well, so we don't own it here just because the banking law is good for a starting point. I think there's a lot more detail in terms of sharing of losses in terms of IMF, getting them on hold, and I think it's going to take a very long time. So the recovery is going to be very drawn. The markets are a lot more bullish than we are, and Senegal. I think let's wait and watch what happens. The market jumps on the fact that it's going to be under the common framework. It's going to be a quick restructuring. I'm not so sure if the local is going to be excluded. That we can get a quick restructuring under the common framework, and we've seen that in Ethiopia, where it was supposed to be a quick one, but became very long gone out. So we're still waiting to see what happens. What about Argentina? The only serious big credit hasn't hasn't restructured the game yet, and has had a pretty substantial widening.

Speaker 1  36:14
Yeah, yeah. Conscious of time, I want to quickly touch upon corporates because actually it was one of the favourable responses more in the poll. Said, "I'm going to pick on you for this one because I know this is your background. It obviously shares a lot of characteristics of sovereigns in terms of growth trading high, in terms of ranges and absolute levels. But obviously, there's some quite significant regional sectoral differences. You know, you've had a lot of you know obviously headlines in Brazil this year in terms of defaults and in terms of governance being able to conflict, both in terms of IG valuation as you buy real estate. So, I guess quickly, how do you see EM corporate as part of your world versus the software? And then, what are the interesting sectors and reasons that people should be focused?

Speaker 3  36:58
So, I think corporates and people make a mistake was just looking at comparing headline spread and revenues with the sovereign market, and I think that's absolutely the wrong way to look at corporates. The way we look at corporates is that at an index level, not at single name level. Obviously, single name corporates can go worse, a lot worse than sovereigns can. At a headline index level, corporates are a lot more, a lot more defensive carry across two cycles, and that has been proven in the last 15 years. And pretty much every sell-off corporates tend to behave the best on on spreads. There are big differences in index composition. You have lower duration. You have better better quality. The triple C angle in corporates is much much smaller, and the triple C's that are in the corporate land are generally not genuine triple C's. They're basically rating constraint triple C's, whereas in so many space are not genuine C's. If you look at spreads, absolute spreads, and I may be off by 1020, basis points. But in the double B space, sovereigns range from 100 to 200 basis points, and in the corporate space, you get 180, 200 to 250, 300. So significant pickup. Single B space again, sovereigns range from 140, and I'm talking about the kind of the belly of the curve, so up to 10-year space. You have single B or high end of the single B range, sovereign trading trading at 140 over, which is absolutely unheard of in the corporate space. Corporate land, you get basically 300 to 600 range. Single D space, so there is a lot of threat to be picked up. But you have to be completely aware that there is no internet, there is no deadline. Corporate can and do go to zero often. So in this triple C space, if you're buying something, if it's genuinely triple C, you have to do your homework. And then, having said all that, where do we find opportunities? As long as you are willing to to sacrifice liquidity a little bit, I think some of the more esoteric names and corporate stuff that we like, you know, Central American names; these issuers don't really come to the market frequently. They have one or two bonds outstanding. You have subordinate debt in Latin America looks attractive. You have Eastern European names, which are now increasing part of the market. Some of them look fairly attractive, and then you have the commodity banks. Great,

Speaker 1  39:44
thanks, Ed. I'm conscious of time. I want to finish with a couple of macro questions, kind of round round trip from what we started. You guys are all managing big risk people buyers. What is the one single risk that kind of worries you the most? We've got a lot of geopolitics, you know, fiscal concerns, central states. What do you think is going to be the straw that breaks the camel's back potentially in this year? Yeah, maybe stolen you.

Speaker 4  40:09
I think for me the main issue is central bank mistake. A DM central bank not doing the right pace, which actually causes the back end deals to move considerably and really quickly high. I think that's that's what I worry about. If if growth is growth holds okay, and we are in an environment where growth is holding okay, and the yields are moving up slowly, that's just competition for capital, and I think EM will behave pretty well through that. But if there is a central bank mistake, then you suddenly get a much bigger move over a very short period of time. That is going to be a positive

Speaker 3  40:45
concern for for the Brexit. I mean, that would be one of the big concerns. But you never know before, right? What breaks accounts? Actually, only exports is easier to say. I'd say I'd add another one here. You know, if I think the market in general is not does not consider the Middle East as a permanent conflict just yet, or assigns a very small probability to it being a permanent conflict. As in Russia-Ukraine, I think you could say 60, 70% likely it becomes a very prolonged permanent conflict. But in the Middle East, it's not the case, and if that capitalist changes significantly, what that does to one price isn't what that

Speaker 1  41:28
does to my geopolitics earlier.

Speaker 2  41:31
Well, I can't disagree with anything that's been said. If only we had one risk. As I sit here, and I think it's relatively easy to agree. Outside of the First World War and the Second World War, the next 10 years is likely to be very uncertain. If these AI frontier labs are even half right, we are structurally likely to be facing a very different market, a very different economic structure, and probably a very different structure to society. I mean, that's the big one over the next 10 years. It isn't clearly in the next or three months, etc. That's the much that's the much bigger one, and it's going to land amongst a world that is experiencing extreme global geopolitical tension in a manner that it hasn't for the last 30 plus years. A world that is dealing with climate change, a world of very stress sovereign balance sheets, the dependency ratio in most of these countries is exploding. This is going to create extraordinary, massive winners, massive losers. To sit here today and try and predict who they're going to be is a challenge that's way beyond me. But to sit in a seat that allows for the flexibility and the agility to navigate that journey, whether it's regionally, whether it's across asset classes, and frankly, whether it's long or short, is is a more comfortable seat to sit in rather than having today to allocate permanently to an asset class and sit hostage to that country.

Speaker 1  43:27
Okay, you have the last question. If I'm working on a format for Horizon question for you, what would be your top trade, top two trades for the rest of the year? Well,

Speaker 2  43:36
I'm going to steal the easy two before anybody else because they're obviously, you know, Nigeria and Kazakhstan and short local currency and short long dated, you know, sovereign spreads at the tight IG level, expecting to lose. I

Speaker 3  43:59
mean, yeah, we have. I have to say, you know, front end carry in places like Nigeria and Karim, and selected pioneer names.

Speaker 1  44:10
Right. Yeah. If we agree

Speaker 4  44:12
too much. On the external side, as I started with front and then you got to help carry on the way to long end still. Through Latin America, Reza some expression on the wayside, Kazakhstan and Nigeria, the bigger petitions, yeah, and the Brazil elections. Yeah, Brazil

Speaker 2  44:42
elections. You know, on the the first Monday.

Speaker 1  44:45
I say our Nigeria trader just over there. Everyone doesn't have the lineage trade. Sorry, but we are

Speaker 2  44:50
for whoever is linear law.

Speaker 1  44:52
Okay, we are a flashing rabbi. So thank you very much for being active, Bradford guys. So thank for everyone for

Unknown Speaker  45:00
joining today.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai