Speaker 1  00:00
In our organic growth, so we currently have the 2026 guidance of in round numbers 1.1 to 1.3 million ounces. That's a production profile that we expect to grow to around one and a half million ounces by 2030. Underpinning that growth is some investments that are existing assets, but the most important most important element of of that growth is is asifu, and we can get into a little bit more detail on asifu. But asifu for us is so we we published our feasibility study. We're looking to do FID before the end of the year, we know what the capital programme looks like, and it's a billion dollars. So that's in our planning already. Beyond 2030, we've got then a number of other targets, and we have a published set of exploration targets as well. That organic growth pipeline remains the number one priority for us from a capital allocation perspective, because it is the proven best way to add value to to all of our stakeholders. So that will still remain as the cornerstone of the capital allocation. Beyond that, we then look at our shareholder return programme. Again, we can dive into the detail if you wish, but that's a published minimum commitment, and we've got an indicative upside to that, which we've always done in the past as well. Is we supplement both dividends and share buybacks for a total shareholder return, depending on our balance sheet and where gold prices are. And maybe a jump to that is an ongoing view on capital being allocated to a balance sheet, which, for us, we like to be relatively conservative in our balance sheet management, because I don't think we should be operating with risk on the balance sheet in addition to the operational and commodity price risk, which we, as a business, have to accept that as a broad-up, right? But very happy to jump into that. So it's hard to say that most, like going forward, will be mostly focused on organic growth rather than mergers and acquisitions. And right now, at these gold price levels, it's quite expensive to do any sort of M&A anyway, right? And the second one is about this. These headlines about Endeavour and Barracks, you know, assets in Africa potentially merging or combining. Any comments? Sure. Nice juicy start to the meeting. So on the inorganic, no, it does not form part of the cornerstone of our capital allocation. Having said that, we continue to look at inorganic growth opportunities all the time. The problem in inverted commas of inorganic growth is it has to stack up against use of that dollar in an alternative, and because the alternative includes an organic growth pipeline that we're fairly blessed to have, it normally fails. So it's not impossible, but it's difficult because of the alternatives that we have. So we look, and we constantly are looking at other assets, but M and A is difficult for us to make the numbers. We have a state total rate of 4% so probably relatively unlikely. Where we are doing some acquisitions, and where you could arguably see more, is in really early stage. So we've done an investment into Altair. We've announced a joint venture in Kazakhstan. These are relatively small investments from a amount perspective, but for us, provide an opportunity to bolster our exploration pipeline, and arguably leverage some of the expertise we've got, rather than just put money into producing assets. So, in in each of these, what we're effectively trying to do is look medium to long term on is there a new property outside of West Africa that provides us with something similar to what West Africa has given us, which is high prospectivity, relatively underexplored in geology. That's you know we have some expertise in. So there, I I do think there is stuff. But are we going to go out and spend a whole lot of cash on buying assets, hypothetically barrack ones. No, I don't see that happening. On the barrack ones, you would have seen our comment. There was none, and that's and that's because you know we follow the same old sort of thing. We don't comment on speculation. I think that was a highly spec. Personally, not. I think that was a highly speculative article. As you saw, no other news agency picked up. No one ran with it. No sources, etc. etc.

Speaker 1  05:09
So that I think that was a bit of troublemaking. What I can say on Barrick is, like any asset, if there is an asset for sale. We will run the ruler over, and if it makes sense and we can do it, we'll do no problem. But we've also been relatively clear on which jurisdictions we want to play in and ones we don't. We have said it, and this one I'm happy to say again on record: we are not looking to invest anything in Maori. That is not a jurisdiction that we're going forward. So, for us, that kind of combination is sure. If someone comes to us and says, "Look at it, sure, we'll look. We'll look at anything. But the likelihood of us investing money in Mali is, I would say, as close as there.

Speaker 2  06:00
So, right now, you're pivoting more away from Tempo, Quina Paso, and more towards Senegal, Ivory Coast, especially after you're into the I mispronouncing, but this Asafao project, you know, starts reducing and ramps up. So potentially, once you finish the project, that should remove that country ceiling and allow you to be upgraded by rating agents as well, right?

Speaker 1  06:26
Yes, although we we don't seem to get any sort of formal commitment from ratings agencies that they look to lift the ceiling, but we do get kind of indicative numbers. And yes, to your point, you're correct. Burkina Faso fundamentally moves from more than half of our production a couple of years ago to less than 30% in the very near future, largely because in 23 we did two disposals, and then yes, to your point, asifu and other growth simply means that Burkina is naturally becoming water dull. So whilst it's not a formal strategy of us to leave Burkina, the better growth prospects, as far as we're concerned, are currently happening in Cote d'Ivoire. And if we look further out, there seem to be some really interesting things in Senegal. So naturally, I think Burkina is likely to continue to reduce as an overall proportion of good growth.

Speaker 3  07:26
about other jurisdictions like Kazakhstan, Turkey? The local steel company in Turkey has a gold prospect that they're

Speaker 1  07:39
analysing. So the the idea behind Kazakhstan, Guyana, which we made an announcement, and then slightly different one, which was Kullu, which is actually in Kotool. But what's what's driving us there? And just in case anyone picks this up. I'm not a geologist, okay? So I'm an accountant. So I'm telling you what geologists tell me, but it sounds perfectly plausible when they say it. Is we we have got in West Africa a set of skills that we've developed in terms of exploration and exploitation of a particular kind of geology. That geology, the green beryllium belt, has similar geological properties to two other parts of the world. One, sorry, three other parts of the world. One is in and around Kazakhstan. It's called something different, but it's similar geology. There is another geological formation in and around Greece and Turkey, which is similar, and the third one is the northeast part of South America, and Guyana is a good example. So those geological spots, for us, we have some experience in being able to prospect and exploit, and consequently, when we look at the next 10 to 15 years, are those going to be what West Africa has been to us for the last 10 to 15 years? And we think that there is a reasonable probability that the answer to that is yes, particularly in Guyana and Kazakhstan, because they are relatively underexplored and relatively underexploited. So, those are the two territories that are moving in on a relatively small monetary basis to what we believe is an appropriate risk-adjusted investment in the future, so that we can get to know the territory, the regulators, local partners, and in the event that we find things, we would look to exploit them absolutely. But it's not a fundamental shift away from West Africa. It's just trying to look at the next frontier beyond, because West Africa has definitely moved from a phase of attracting foreign direct investment to grow their mining industry into one of more exploitation of an existing good industry, so at some point the prospectivity is going to start declining with that when we're trying to look at what that next frontier might be.

Speaker 4  10:17
Just when you say Triana, you mean one right next to Enzota, and there's some just good border areas around.

Speaker 1  10:24
Yes. Okay, but I

Speaker 4  10:27
guess you're kind of fine with that, with since you operate in unstable jurisdiction in the first

Speaker 1  10:32
place. I love the question. It's got a few twists in it, though, that I'm going to have to come back on. So, no, of course we have to worry about geopolitical risk in its entirety, the Venezuelan Guiana border dispute is is about an island and it's on the other side of Guiana, so it wouldn't bother us in that sense. If all our war breaks out, of course it's going to we'll get worried. The prospects we're looking at are actually deeper to the southeastern in the jungle, and there are very few people there, so we should be fine. Guyana is actually incredibly low population density, so yes, that is where we are. Relatively unstable jurisdictions in which we currently operate. So, of course, I'm not. I'm not wanting to come across as being naive. West Africa has its own challenges. I completely agree with you. It, for sure, is not Switzerland, but there are, I would argue, elements of risk that you require a reward for in almost any jurisdiction that you're operating, because mining itself has its own risks. There are specialists who know how to exploit Canada? We don't, so we don't go there because we don't understand the Canadian government. We don't understand what they're potentially doing. We don't understand the Australian government and what they do with their labour law. We do understand West Africa to an extent, and so I'm happy to go into more of the geopolitics, or maybe Tom can. But we have degrees of regulations that dictate what we can and can't do. I do think one element of West Africa, which is very different, is the security situation, and that arguably is something. If you want to, we can talk a bit more about. But just to say, we're very happy with West Africa. It's a good place for us anyway.

Speaker 4  12:21
I'm just basically want to make sure it's the right country.

Speaker 1  12:25
Yes, sorry. The shorter answer is correct. When we aren't, since it's basically a rainforest country,

Speaker 4  12:36
given it's so underdeveloped, there would be not too many environmental laws or tribes saying you can't mine here because you're going to destroy a water supply, or we don't want you to build the roads through the jungle because whatever is that not a problem there?

Speaker 1  12:54
So so far we don't think it's a problem, but your question is absolutely spot on, and and just to clarify, we would operate to our environmental standards, or the host nation's environmental standards, whichever are the higher. So even if we went into a territory with none, we operate on our own. But Guyana is interesting. It's it's not a it's not going to be a people issue. There are no people where where we've got the mines, the prospective mines. But what is interesting is water, and a lot of this you can't. It's very difficult to build roads, so you'd actually be looking at logistics that include barging, and then you need to worry about rehabilitation because it's relatively flat, and that has flooding potential. So there are definitely environmental challenges that come with Kiana, which is kind of what this investment for us is. We're looking to learn from. We need to go in and start understanding some of these, so that if we find something, we can plan accordingly. It's going to be different to the way we operate in West Africa. You

Speaker 4  14:02
may already said, are you doing this as a JV? Since I think there's already one mining company issued a bond in that part of America. So is it a JV or purely you do everything by yourself?

Speaker 1  14:19
So you're absolutely right. We're not the only people there. There are a couple of mining companies actually operating in in the region. We've invested in a company that has existing prospects in the country, and those prospects have got local partners associated with them. So the answer is kind of yes. There there are other other players, but it's outside of say if you're if you're thinking of G2 mining or I'm not sure who issued the bond to be honest. But there are a couple of other there are a couple of other operators there. The one we've invested into is is an early stage prospecting company that they don't have any current producing assets.

Speaker 4  15:05
Okay, then it'll

Speaker 1  15:06
be the other one. Yeah,

Speaker 5  15:09
but it's maybe worth adding. You know, even though it's an investment and not a JV, with all of these partnerships, we do still maintain, you know, some form of high level inside or control as well. So Sonia Scarcelli, who is our EVP of exploration of the three projects of these three partnerships that Guy mentioned, she sits on the board of two, and she's a special technical advisor to the Altair board as well. So we still have our input, lend some of our expertise into where these partners invest their time.

Speaker 4  15:58
I guess the Turkey and Kazakhstan. You don't have the same, there's a jungle issue, but maybe more the water issue as well, since it's very dry.

Speaker 1  16:07
Exactly. So we currently have nothing in Turkey, but yes, quite right. Kazakhstan's got a completely different set of challenges. There's weather extremes in terms of temperature, and then water, the percent. There we're in a, we are in a JV agreement, and the joint venture partner we've got just has access to certain parcels, so it's very very early stage. We still need to convert the parcels into formal permits and then start doing the drilling programme, etc. So very early stage at this point. But your your question is correct. That all of that would have to be considered were we to find something in an open producing line.

Speaker 4  16:55
Then on your say balance sheet, you operate with close to no leverage. You also said you don't want to have financial leverage when you have mining gold and country risk. Why do you actually want to have the bond? Is it just to have the cash for for rainy days? Since you can basically pay it off, I guess more or less if you wanted

Speaker 1  17:18
to. Yes. So we. It's a fair point. When when we did the bond refi, gold wasn't quite where where it is today exactly. So at that point in time, it made sense from an overall capital structure to have that availability. We also, I'm not, you would know better than us, but we also felt there was probably an advantage to staying in the capital markets. That in the event you did want to go out with another bond, you weren't a forgotten name. So we we added that as a slightly kind of qualitative positive to to doing the refund. As we sit here today, though, yes, we we've gone net cash. Theoretically, the you know one of the applications of that cash would be to to buy back the bonds. But at the moment, our revolver is higher cost than than our bonds. So there are other places for us to apply that, and we still have this perspective that we'd rather keep the flexibility of having a bond and access to a capital market. So, for now, at least, the the intention would be to to remain as is, maintain the bond, but not look to to do any buyback.

Speaker 6  18:35
How does this thinking change? With I think you laid it out in one of these pages, a billion plus. If if you get to FID on on assetful so sources of of capital would would that still make sense to potentially look at capital markets or cash flow generation is that strong you can sort of fund this through the life. Yeah,

Speaker 5  19:00
sure. I mean, if we wanted to, as you can see, we're already in net cash position. I think the cash generation outlook for both h2 and S and P is is still very strong for us. So I think if we wanted to fund that 1 billion with cash, we could. I mean, one thing that we did when we built the Feedway years ago was we put in a local terminal sort of onshore debt facility, and what that basically gives us is slightly more efficiency with keeping cash in country, so we don't produce leakages and that's something we would consider actually again for us. It's something that would be capped at when we eventually pay at the reway. It would be capped to 250 million as one of the companies in the bond. So that would cover a portion of it. To be honest, we probably wouldn't need access. We would need to push for the bond, for example, just for the spring project to get a pronouncement. Can

Speaker 3  20:07
we talk sulfuric acid for a second? Sure. How much do you use? Where do you source it? What percentage of your AISC does it represent?

Speaker 1  20:18
So we we do we do use sulfuric acid. Some of the pre Middle East crisis sulfuric sources came from the Middle East. We've had to change our sourcing, and we're now bringing it in from Far East. In terms of, and we've seen some cost increase as a result, but it's it's in the kind of seven to 8% region, so it's not that significant. We we use sorry, I'm moving on your facial expression, which maybe I should have recorded, but sulfuric acid for us is a very very small cost, and our quantities are extremely small as well. So, unlike a copper producer, we we just use minimum amounts, and consequently, it's a lot easier for us to pivot, a lot easier for us just to pick up a little bit from somewhere else. So we've managed to do that with relatively low cost impact, and on an ASIC perspective, I'm not sure, Tom, you've got that number, but it's going to be tiny.

Speaker 5  21:27
Well, it's it's about 50 bits of our cost base, so if you've got six, 7% on 50 bits, and it's really only at it's not really used in the gold operations themselves. It's really just a kitty, where we do produce about 60 tonnes of copper as a basically a byproduct every year, and that's that's the other place that it's been used.

Speaker 7  21:47
The reason I looked surprised was, I mean, 40% of sulphur is is shut off, right? So surprised that the price impact is only 17. That's that's a very

Speaker 1  22:00
some of our reagents, what we would call reagent consumable supply contracts, are done with relatively large e-commerce because we can't buy some of these things. We don't have bulk requirements, so we've got package package deals, and part of those contracts is that we can pivot in terms of supply with a limitation on how much cost increase they can put on us. So we're in a fairly fortunate position, but I do think it's probably because of the amount we're consuming. Otherwise, I'm sure other people they're better or swallowed more.

Speaker 2  22:41
Just curious. I know you have a own sustainable target, you know, for 2026 in your slides, but you have like a medium-term target as well by 2030, 2035, or something you're targeting ideally to to reach as well. And what would that look like after some total cost comes online?

Speaker 1  23:01
I think it's a good question. I'll maybe just kind of give you a profile, so we don't publish that far off. But if you if you can imagine our cost profile, you take 18 now, take 18 or 1850. We're likely to see over the next couple of years a relatively flat production profile, and therefore gold price dependent, because that gives our royalties a relatively flat cost profile as well. Where we see our cost profile starting to fundamentally change is when Asifu starts coming on, and you will have seen in the booklet. But we've got at 2500 gold. The ASIC at ASU is just over $1,000. So, when you've got roughly 320,000 ounces per annum, and when it's in full production, that kind of sales mix for us, sales mix effect of having $1,000 ASIC, will fundamentally start driving our costs out. So for me, the picture is a kind of plateau, with then an improvement in terms of cost profile. And then, if you take a look at some of the underground expansion, we've got some of the some of the further up target potential. These are pretty big deposits and relatively good grades. You could arguably see, as the portfolio starts to grow into these new assets, and we're relying less on the slightly lower grade ageing. There's again incremental improvements to cost. So, for us, remaining within that first cost quartile is an important part of what we do, in my view, because yes, there is a risk of operating in West Africa, but the rewards of operating in West Africa for me outweigh those risks. But one of the things we need to do to be able to show investors that equation is to say, look at the margin we're making. So, first quartile remains, but with a sort of plateau and then an improvement with asset and beer. You

Speaker 2  25:06
mentioned the BAC, the old sustaining cost at 2500 gold. What's the level? What's the old sustaining cost of current gold gold prices or something?

Speaker 1  25:19
Sure. So it'll be a royalty adjustment. I'll get a fee in one second. Sorry. So we just curious. No, no, perfect. So it's it is artificial. We put it at two five because that was a comparison to a previous study that we did. The difference will be so we take 2500. We would be adding. I thought it was 17 for each, but it's going to increase by virtue of the royalty between 2500 and let's say 4500. That 2000, I think, we add seven. We add $17 for every 300. But I'll get to that. We'll work out the sensitivity, but effectively it'll just be a differential, which I should think will get us closer to something in the region of 1250 at the existing gold prices, current gold prices.

Speaker 3  26:12
Thank you.

Speaker 1  26:16
It's a very, it's a, it's amazing size deposit. We've got a big processing plant, so 5 million tonne for an processing plant at a reasonable grade. So the cost profile of asfo is is very attractive. What is the grade? The grade of asfo compared to I think was 71

Speaker 5  26:38
point on reserve 1.8, and then resource 1.9. The reserves on page 90. 92 has the DFS summary, which I think has the grade 1.76. Yeah.

Speaker 3  27:18
Going back to your experience negotiating with West African governments. I know you don't operate in Ghana, but if you just had to venture a guess, are they messing with goldfields and Anglo gold to get better fiscal terms, or is there an actual risk that the mine will change hands?

Speaker 1  27:41
I think they're creating leverage to get better terms, but yeah, Ghana's Ghana appears at least I'm in Ghana, but yeah, they're on the super extreme in terms of aggressive behaviour of West African countries. It would seem to me that the people in charge have decided that they're going to take kind of levels of exploitation to the extreme. They're going to keep pushing until they get sort of stuck somehow. So yeah, it's it's unfortunate, and you know when the presidents. brother is the owner of the contract miner. Not that many nations that get away with that kind of level of conflict and interest. Think one or two others, but you know, Ghana's gone is pretty up there in comparison to our other territories touch wood, but Burkina has spoken about its desire to own some assets, and they bought two of our assets. So, but they've got that, and interestingly, they see that they can't operate the asset the way we operated the asset. So the production has come down quite substantially. So, has that proven to be a test that they've now seen and don't want to take any further action? I don't know, but we're not hearing that they want to own any more assets. All the way through to Cote d'Ivoire and Senegal, where I think the push, there is still a national test, but the national push is on local content of suppliers in and around the mining industry, rather than trying to take technical control of the mine without skill set to be able to operate. So I think Garner for me is a bit of an outlier, and hopefully over time they come back into control. You you you know Ian, our CEO, I think, Ian. I love it. I mean, he's got the best anecdotes in the industry because he's been everywhere. But he said, you know, when he was CEO of Goldfields, so this must be two decades ago. He he was sitting in Ghana operating Goldfields assets, saying, "Oh my goodness, I'm so glad we're in Ghana and not in Cote d'Ivoire because Cote d'Ivoire was a basket. Yes. Now he's sitting in Endeavour, going, "Oh, I'm so glad I'm in Cote d'Ivoire and I'm not in Ghana. So these things develop and they change over time, and hopefully Ghana comes back because at the moment, Ghana to want to invest more money in Ghana is they they're not helping the court.

Speaker 2  30:34
Yeah, it was also it was not just MTN. They did it for like the Oilers as well. Yeah, just

Speaker 4  30:39
like we want money. Every every.

Speaker 5  30:44
Just to come back to you, sorry. So the ASIC asset we won $4,000 gold would be 1185. So yeah, about 120 increase for 1500.

Speaker 2  30:58
Thank you.

Speaker 4  31:01
I'm looking on page 29. So, so the first graph, if you understand the return pounds, what are the next two showing me? And then my question is, what is gold kill and anger gold? They have like, yeah, $150 more per ounce. Is their mind just so much thicker? So will you benefit from the scale, or what's the difference?

Speaker 5  31:29
So the middle one will be. It effectively takes into account equity valuation. So what what it will tell you is they're expensive. So even though it's a high return per ounce relative to what was their market cap at the end of the year if you're still relatively low yield, and then your TSR will be share price plus dividends reinvested through 2025 Endeavour versus GDX versus other sectors.

Speaker 4  31:55
And then on the first round, what's the reason why Anglo Goal and Bondall is 150ish?

Speaker 5  32:07
Yeah, I can't think of a specific reason. It might have just been a relatively strong return from those countries. Especially due

Speaker 4  32:14
to their bigger mines or larger returns

Speaker 5  32:18
relative to those mines. Okay,

Speaker 4  32:20
so I guess the first one is just an odd one, a nice

Speaker 1  32:25
one. So, correct me if I'm wrong, Tom, but that that returns per ounce, that's not versus a cost base. It's what your dividends and share buybacks have been per ounce. Oh. So it's it's not a it's not a comparison between us that they are making for themselves more than us. It's just what we've paid shareholders in terms of dividend and buybacks of the money. Okay,

Speaker 4  32:48
got it. You return pounds when you plug in all costs and whatever. Exactly. No. Okay. This is

Speaker 1  32:54
and Anglo Gold and Goldfields have both moved towards very substantial share buyback programmes. I imagine that might be a contributing factor in the difference with us. Our share buyback programme is relatively close.

Speaker 2  33:26
Just curious, Amani, any plans to potentially dispose of that asset, even even its lower quality versus rest of the portfolio? I remember you disposed the deal. You were cooking as cooking as so much in the past when they didn't meet your criteria as well.

Speaker 1  33:46
valid question. It it also doesn't meet our criteria, but the the one thing just bear in mind: Manor is an underground operation, and consequently, we don't do the same level of resource conversion in an underground mine in wooden open pits, so we we do this strictly on reserve, which is why the mine life looks short. The reality is the resource suggests that it's much further to the right of our. Sorry, I'm on the magic box graph on 16. Yeah, the the issue for us in Manor is is the cost, and at the moment, with gold prices where they are, we're still making a very good return. So it it only makes sense to dispose of the asset if someone's willing to come in and pay full value. Otherwise, it it makes sense for us to continue to to take the cash whilst we can. At the same time, we need to operate it more effectively, and we've taken steps in the recent past to try and improve that situation. But we haven't really had enough time just to see the result. The one is a change to the mining contractor, so different rates, single contractor, and a much higher efficiency hurdle for them to to meet before they get paid anything realistic. So we should be seeing better efficiency from the underground operation as a result. And then we've got a relatively significant automation project that effectively moves all of the underground from currently self-generated power onto grid power, and self-generated is roughly two times the price of self-generated is two times the price of grid. So we can do stuff on that cost profile that we'd like to see happen, and then if there's anyone who wants to buy it and prepare to pay us full value for Burkina assets. Yes, of course, we would look. But arguably, if anyone approaches us with the right price for any of our assets, we should be safe. So the point is, we're not hanging on to it, other than just to try and get over this cost improvement, and then we'll see. I'd maybe get into trouble with Tom and Tom, boss Jack, if you can speak a little bit about the future beyond Asifu, so maybe I can give you a sort of broad picture, and if you're interested, we can drill into further detail. So I think we've chatted a little bit about Asifu. Great find. We're currently spending money in terms of growth capex on getting that asset ready. We'll get our final investment decision at the end of this year, and then we've got a 24 to 30-month build. So we should be seeing annualised gold from asset within our 2030 numbers, which we touched on earlier. Beyond that, we've got a project on the go at the moment, which is accessing underground and some much better grade material for the CIL plant at Sabadala. That's going to help us get our Sabadala total production to you know from the current sort of low 300 s to around 350 per annum. So that's exciting. That capital is built into our plan already, as is asset. Beyond that, there are two things that we're looking at. One is called Vindaloo Deeps, so that's an underground operation at Hyundai. It would be accessed from the bottom of the pit, so less infrastructure than some other underground operations. Reasonably good grade, relatively good resource. We'll be publishing something about the Vindaloo Deeps resource towards the back end of this year, and then there is the Vindaloo Deeps Southeast Extension, which is effectively the same all body, just extending further down into the southeast, but that is on currently unpermitted land, so we want to get that sorted out before we come to the market of anything. And then, slightly further out from that is a target which is called Kalsara. This is what appears to be an exceptionally exciting resource, about 30 kilometres, 35 kilometres from our Senegalese operation, so Sabadala, that looks to be big enough and good enough grade that it could even be a standalone operation. But if we can utilise the existing infrastructure and move the material. We obviously would. So, those are two much longer-term prospects. But for us, in terms of growth pipeline and kind of sustainability, important points maybe just to to note.

Unknown Speaker  38:53
Matt


Transcribed by https://otter.ai