Speaker 1  00:00
Happy to be hosting this energy discussion. You know, quite kindly, given that there's a lot of things going on in this market. I'm joined here in person by David, special economist for Vortecha, that is a C1 energy intelligence company who is tracking everything that owns moving energy supplies around the world, and hopefully, yes, I can see my colleague Natasha Karimal. Probably, for most of you, very part of her little introduction. She's head of global commodities research. She is connected to New York. Hard to be in so many places at the same time, but we have you know quite a bit to cover, and we're going to hopefully need some minutes for Q and A from the audience in the end. So I'm going to start with you, David, and that you're here in the room and and given your vantage point actually of tracking the the shipments of of energy supplies. So you know, as you know, oil prices-you know-they have been increasing since early July. We had this MOU that basically didn't last for too long, right? And in U.S. and Iran, over the past week, rent went back again above $100. We're now-I don't know where we are by this minute. It's 107 this morning, close to 108 actually, and but there's quite a bit of confusion as to exactly what is happening when it comes to tracking that sort of organ passage. Our understanding is that current flows through the through the Strait are probably around 12 million barrels per day of oil and products, maybe around 60% of pre-war levels. Obviously, again, given your vantage point of your work and for Texa, can you please provide us with an update of where things stand? Help us break this down, maybe a little bit between the key components, including the range of volumes. I don't know whether they have gone down to zero, which is what Washington administration sometimes wants us to believe what are the key bypass rules, the ship-to-ship transfers, and other flows.

Speaker 2  02:09
Yeah. Again,

Speaker 1  02:09
thanks for joining us.

Speaker 2  02:11
Many thanks for having me. It's evident in an interesting time. I will share a couple of slides, and then you can answer the questions along with those slides. Let me start a bit with the price situation because the general perception in the market is that the prices are moving very much in line with geopolitics. So we had this low point in prices before this memorandum of understanding, and since then we have increased in prices, which evidently it's very easy to make the link is because the risk is steadily increasing, and that is one factor. But we really have also fundamentals that are suggesting that the pricing at these two different points in time was very was equiaxed or was reflective of the actual fixture in the market. So let me start with this left-hand chart that shows you global seaborn crude lifting. So it's basically the supply, the relevant supply to the market. The first observation is here: for the last 12 months, we're living in a crazy market. Yeah, seaborn supplies are going up and down like yeah crazy. Before the war, we were close to 50 million barrels. Early in the war, we were 40 million bells, so a 10 million swing. But the point is that ever since then, it has continued to swing up and down, like maybe not for the third time. But that's the case. So you can see in the middle of the chart where the opposite line is that in early July we were basically back up above the seasonal roll, back to the 24 level, and relatively close even to a seasonal high. So supplies all of a sudden were fully back. Yeah, and then we lost again another a couple of million times. Yeah, so so this is where we stand. If you look at the middle, we look at oil on the water, and you can see that actually in early July we had an all-time high of oil on the water. Yeah, again, extremely good supply situation. Since then, we have a traced it to time, but in historical terms, we still have a lot of oil on the water. And the final chart is the onshore inventories. All onshore inventories around the world floating roof tanks, and you can see again if you look back to July. At that point in time, we were actually at the same level that at the start of the year. We hadn't really seen a lot of inventory loss by then, but since then we are seeing significant inventory loss. Yeah, so there is a good reason why prices are decreasing, apart from the poor geopolitical factor. The market is significantly tight. Now, in terms of transits, I generally think there is perhaps a little bit too much focus just on the root transits because, as you alluded to, there are various routes out of the Middle East, and what we show in this chart here is entire seaborne exports from the Middle East, whether that is from Syria, where some fuel oil is plugged to that port and hit it from there, or from even Turkey with the Iraqi volumes shipped by pipeline, Reza of course were the solid volumes that we shipped until recently, and yeah, Fuchsia and so on. So all close together, we are currently at about 50 millimetres per day supplies from the Middle East to the market, and we had been at 25 millimetres per day before Google started. Yeah, so we have basically lost 10 million barrels today, and we're still losing them. And that's about 6 million barrels per day of food and 4 million barrels per day of product. What we can also see on this chart is that the recovery has been, in percentage terms, much smaller for proof than the products. Now there is a lot of change in how actual operations are working in our data, and we are the only supplier in the market that is providing this data on a ship by ship, cargo by cargo basis. We see about eight kilometres per day to own the food with products through the Swedish homes. Yes, so physically on ships through the spator for moose.

Speaker 2  05:58
And what is very interesting then, in terms of logistics, is we see the maturity of that oil, especially of the food side, being transferred via ship to ship to vessels that then bring the crudes to the consumer market, for example, in China, Japan, and so on. Why is that happening? Because there is a massive concern about the risk passing through the Strait of the Moose, and the producing countries have basically established a pattern, or have they basically taken over the risk by establishing a shuttle service in and out of the Strait of Hormuz, and then supplying to these other Reza which also brings logistical issues. And just basically one quick word on the prices. Freight prices from the Middle East to Asia have increased 30 folds versus the level in 201. Yeah, so it's 30 times what 30 percent, 30 times more expensive than in the past. So with Nicolas amounts currently basically less than costing a million dollars per day. Yeah, to offer in The

Speaker 1  07:04
latest headlines of the Houthis attacking infrastructure, the East-West pipeline in Saudi Arabia, which are already showing up in terms of disruptions.

Speaker 2  07:16
No, that's yes. I mean, not really in the state. I mean, basically, we have not seen unloading from Yambu since summer. So, and I would come back to that later with the chart as well. There is a very good reason why Saudi Arabia would stop immediately supplying food to the international market because they need to supply the domestic market first. This is an important consumption region. There are refineries there that already.

Speaker 1  07:48
Okay, Natasha. I hope that you can hear me well. If we had had a conversation last year, 2025, that you know we would see a closure of the serum for most, this would have been probably a catastrophic scenario, right? However, we have seen we did see Brent all the way to 120. Didn't stay there for too long, though. So there was oil prices have gone up, but they have not gone up exponentially, which is what we probably thought would be the the case. Can you talk a little bit about you know how the market has avoided these non-linear moves, and through the war, what role China has played? We haven't mentioned China yet. Do you see this reintensification of tensions in the Middle East over the past couple of weeks, including what I just mentioned? You know, this attack on the Western infrastructure of Saudi Arabia transit out of the Red City and Babamanda as increasing the risk for nonlinearity in oil prices this time around.

Speaker 3  08:50
Yeah, well, thank you so much, Luis, for having me. So I think you know the lessons of 2022, the Russia-Ukraine, the lessons of this year. Couple number one, oil is a fungible commodity. Yes, it's not gas. It's very easy to move relatively as long as you have a bucket and access to oil and a boat. You can become a millionaire overnight. I think they alluded to that in terms of you know how much the shipping costs increase. But guys, for everybody there in the audience. I'm giving you a business idea. So right now, if you're brave enough to pilot a boat that goes through the Strait of Hormuz, you can be paid million dollars a day. Million dollars a day. I'm just putting it out there so for you guys to take this away with you. So stuff flows. Yes, we saw this with Russia, Ukraine. You know, the market was panicking. They, you know, kept. You know, the worry was that there will be self-sanctioning and Russia wouldn't be able to sell at all. It did. Yes, oil flows. So similarly, we see this now, and you know, David Poppy through all these numbers. I think the expectations were that you know stuff will you know flows will go down to zero. No, they didn't. So, but again, you know, we we're missing 10 million barrels per day, which is absolutely the biggest on record disruption in the oil market. So everything you're reading in the news, all that is correct. So second point to keep in mind is that oil and all other commodities are physical assets. What that means is they have to clear. What clear means that supply has to equal demand at any point of time, almost in real time. So the way to think about that is if you're producing too much waste versus your demand, the excess has to go somewhere because you cannot pour oil out like milk. Yes, when nobody wants it, because it's a cost money to produce. B, it's a chemical, so it goes in the storage. So the moment the market sees inventories increasing, it sends a very strong signal to the market. There's too much supply compared to demand. The market is in a surplus, and the price goes down. The exact opposite is true in the opposite direction. Yes, if you have too little supply compared to demand, you have to start drawing down inventories. The market sees that very strong signal that the price goes up. So even you know inventory is actually the biggest weight in our pricing model for oil. So what is interesting, and David again, he had one of those charts. They showed that inventory drew very rapidly through May, and since May actually they flattened out, and there was no drawdown. We know we're drawing down again in in August. But in general, the inventories drew lowest three times less than what we expected at the beginning of the conflict. Because when we looked, we said, okay, we'll be missing, let's say, 10% of the global supply. There's not enough production out there. There's not enough spare capacity. This has to come down of inventories, and that's how you're coming up with those type of prices. So what is also interesting, Louis, is that speaking with policymakers, you know, when we looked at the numbers and we said, "Okay, guys, you're not drying down inventories. So U.S. drew the most. We we depleted our strategic petroleum reserves. We you know we're entering winter with record low diesel inventories, China definitely contributed. Japan some. Europe did nothing. Europe did absolutely nothing similar as in 2022. So South Korea actually built inventories. Some other countries also used opportunities to build inventories. And when we speak with policymakers, and we said, "Listen, you know, that's really, really strange what you did. And the answer to us is that, "Listen, Natasha, we have no clue how long this will last. Yes, if President told us six weeks, it could be six months. Yes, we're ready in six months. It could be a year. It could be two years. Why would we release inventories when oil is trading at $100. This is literally the last cushion we have. We wait. Yes, we're not going to do anything. Similarly, when I spoke with other consuming companies, like for example airlines, you know, I say, okay, listen, I know you have inventors.

Speaker 3  12:57
Why not releasing them? The answer was, you know we'll try to push through the price increases. We'll say the consumer take it. Consumer took it. We're not going to you know to release our inventories because we have no clue how long this will last. So the but again you know the way the price works is if you're not drawing down inventories, the price cannot go up. Yes, the price goes down. So what was interesting also, and that's the third conclusion from the current event, is that instead the governments let demand react, and so demand is down massively. That was the main adjusting, the main adjust, you know, the main adjusting tool. I would have to say in the current, in the current situation, is that demand actually declined twice as much as the inventories. So again, the price function is that if inventories are doing nothing but demand is going down, the price goes down, and that's exactly what happened. Yes, as David pointed out, you know by July prices were trading at $70. Yes, low 70s, given the scale of the disruption. Who helped the world the most, Louis? You ask this question. It's China. So the U.S. helped the most in terms of the inventory depletion. China helped the most in terms of demand destruction. Again, destruction. I don't like to use this word because it's not a destruction. And I was in China at the end of May, and everything is bustling. All the restaurants are full, the streets are full. It took us almost 10 months to buy tickets on the train because everything was sold out so quickly. So, but at the same time, and I spoke with all the state-owned enterprises, yes, the petrochemists of this world demand is down 10% which is absolutely massive given China's scale. And my feedback was, okay, I don't see that. Yes, there's plenty of cars on the road. It's really, really, really busy, and so it's a substitution. So clearly, the substitution was easily available. People use that. Yes, instead of driving a car, you you switch to a subway. You take the train instead of flying. You take a cab, which 100% all the cabs in China are electric. A 50-minute drive, guys, from the airport to the hotel in a cab costs you $2, 2u.S. dollars, which is absolutely nothing. And so they did that. So again, it's not demand destruction; it's demand substitution. You know, there's plenty of demand losses, especially in Southeast Asia, especially in Africa. The price is too high, but China did absolutely the most. So the main question now is: A, can it continue? What does it mean going forward? So we're watching the country very closely. We're watching very, very closely. One day, Taiwan, the market to keep in mind and write it down in your notes, guys. September 24th, President Trump will be meeting with President Xi Jinping in D.C. on that day. So we're watching that meeting very, very closely to see what you know what will come out

Speaker 1  16:00
of it. I will ask you, Natasha, later about the things to to watch in this in this market. But David, let me come back to you, Natasha. Assuming the on the China story, can I ask you, from your perspective, this China role in rebalancing the market in the first months of of the conflict? So of the rally of the roughly six months, sorry, 6 million barrels per day of that decline in imports that was mentioned, how much do you think reflected lower underlying demand in China versus inventory releases? And crucially, do you think that this weakness in demand that we are now, you know, ascribing to to China, do you view it as permanent, or you think that we run the risk that China hey shakes up and say sorry, I need to buy more now? What do you think the latest data suggests about China's import trends and our imports beginning to recover? Yeah,

Speaker 2  16:57
I think as I said already, a lot of important things. Would like to add to that. So on this left-hand chart, we see Chinese, or actually, it's exports to China. So at the time of export, gives a bit of a forward perspective here as well. But really, the Chinese crude demand in a way where we want to add. It's very important to how to say define what is demand. Yeah, are we talking about crude import demand, crude refining demand, or are we talking actually about oil demand, which is the consumption of the final product? And I think what we have seen primarily from China is a change in the crude import level, not in the underlying demand. And that change, as we can see here in the red line was at one point of time 6 million barrels per day, but this was also just one point of time. So, for example, on average over the last three months, China imported 2.3 million barrels per day less than the seasonal average over 2020 to 2024. So, just 2.3. This is a little bit more of a realistic feeling. What is also very important with China is that last year it was buying crude. I'm saying again like crazy. I need to extend my vocabulary a little bit, but you can see in the blue line last year's level very high seasonal records pretty much throughout the year. That was because China was building stocks. Yeah, that was evidently a really good idea, and is helping them a lot now to be to be versatile. So the point I do want to make is the relevant reference is the green line here, the seasonal average, and not the 2025 line that was extraordinarily high. Now there are at least four measures how China managed to reduce its good imports. One is on the right-hand chart; they drastically cut back product exports. Yeah, so they reduce refining and reduce product exports to about half a million barrels per day for motor fuels only. Another measure is they have been drawing stocks. They are not actually that much. Perhaps something like half a million barrels per day on a consistent basis. You are describing. They still have very ample stocks, yeah. So they are still very flexible. Another measure is they have drastically switched the feedstock slate for the petrochemical industry away from NAFTA, which comes from refining, to LPG and ETH. LPG and Ethane imports from the U.S. alone are 1.2 million barrels per day over the last couple of months. That is double the volume at the end of last year. So that is, and that's only the fifth, so to say, from from the U.S. And then there is another factor that is probably the most difficult to tell, but I'm pretty sure China has optimised all other supply sources. That includes domestic production of cool and gas. China is one of the biggest crude producers in the world as well. That probably includes imports, land-based imports from Russia, from Kazakhstan, from Iran, of crude products. It probably includes the use of biofuels as a feedstock in the petrochemical industry in other areas. So China is just extremely flexible and is reacting very quickly. Generally speaking, our basic assumption is the Rwanda refinery is relatively higher for the remainder of the year. They have these higher constraint motivations to fulfil their export allowances because otherwise they don't get fresh export allowances in the following year. But of course, refining markets are also very strong right now. I do want to point out one thing here on China as well. On this chart here, quickly, you can see here how flexible China is, because on the right-hand chart you see the Chinese bound saw the crude loadings, and you can see that in the middle of this crisis, China basically cuts all the crude exports down to 1/4 of the original level, yeah, from 1.6 milli wells per day to 400 kbp. Why? Because they were unhappy with the price. Yeah, they just said no. This price we don't buy. We take alternative crude.

Speaker 2  20:52
I mean, they optimised everything from Russia and Iran and so on, and they kept all the refining runs as they relatively low use the storage and so on. And relative to all the other buyers in the Asian market, that this was the left hand chart, China managed to shorten the average distance of the crude cargo that came to the country. Why? Because that massively saves on the same cost. Yeah. So that's simply the most price sensitive buyers. Let me stick

Speaker 1  21:17
with you, David, to broaden the discussion between natural gas and oil products, so some reference to that already. So we're seeing far fewer energy ship-to-ship transfers. Regular flows seem to of energy seem to have nearly halted, and we reconcile, for example, that Qatar is shipping some oil and liquids through Hormuz, but not LNG. And despite you know some crude moving through the Strait, product markets remain extremely tight. European diesel now is almost a $200 per barrel equivalent. Refining markets are around $100 per barrel above that 2022 height, and you know that is important, particularly in Europe, you know, given the reliance on natural gas. What is driving this dislocation, and which region do you see as most exposed?

Speaker 2  22:06
Yeah. So the policies are very different country by country and also product by product. And we're alluding to this with with the chart here. So on the very left, we see Middle Eastern cryptocurrency listings again split into three buckets. The light blue line shows the UAE and Oman. Oman is outside the Straits, so they were not really affected. The UAE has very quickly decided to ship out as much oil as possible and take notes. I think part of this is probably some type of political arrangements with Iran. That's something, for example, Saudi Arabia probably does not have, so they are way more concerned about the risks. And you can see in the blue line here that is summing up Saudi Arabia and Iran record low liftings. I didn't answer the Iranian question. We see between 100 and 200 kb of Iranian liftings, but they cannot pass through the U.S. blockade. The U.S. blockade is effective. On the side note, that means the Iranian oil at sea accessible to China will run out in about three weeks' time, and that means that China will have to look for replacement there. That's a key bullish factor in the current market. Now, quickly talking about the other three countries here: Iraq, the way it cuts. There you can see this is where we have the big upside in terms of exports, and that was continuing after the escalation over the last two months. So basically, what this tells us is these players have decided now it's time to take the risk. Yeah, we need to get the oil out. We cannot rely that this conflict ends anytime soon. So we need to face it. Yeah, to face the situation. Now you prioritise crude because it's the easiest somehow economies of scale VLCCs and so on. That's why you send out more crude than hordes for LNG. I think I'm not a real expert, but as far as I can tell, all the oil tankers that have been hit there has been limited damage. But if you heat an LNG carrier, I think the damage can be much much bigger. So big explosion, basically. There is another important factor here, which is, and that is what we see over the last couple of weeks. Basically, we see it in Russia for about a year, is that probably oil installations like refineries, like LNG liquefaction plants, like in Qatar, pipelines like in Saudi Arabia, are way more vulnerable to attacks, and the impact is way bigger than hitting individual vessels. So that's probably the reason why Qatar is not taking the risk because they have been hit very early on in the war and with massive damage caused, and they know if they send vessels out, carriers out, energy carriers, then probably the arrays will not hit the carrier, but their liquefaction plant, which is highly complex and expensive. On the final point, we can't very important. This is diesel exports from two regions, Russia and the Middle East, and they have been down at one point of time from about 3 million barrels per day to 1.2 million barrels per day. So nearly two thirds of the diesel supply in these E2 markets being lost, and that's basically one or the one primary reason why refining markets are so high. And Europe is evidently most exposed to this because historically Russia was the biggest diesel export, and now it has been the Middle East. Both are type of out, and that means that the U.S. Ah, the Europe is now much lower than the U.S. So Indian surprise, and there is a global competition for these bells, and yeah, prices are extremely high. There may be some cooling now after the peak transportation season in the open hemisphere, but overall refining markets will be very tight for the year.

Speaker 1  25:49
This is the one area where we're somehow, you know, going a little bit blind. You know, we a lot of our macro projections they use crude as you know to look at established you know datas or sensitivities when a lot of the pressure points actually happen, and the pricing

Speaker 2  26:03
is so different. Very different. It's it's really a mistake in this world to currently look at WTA brand futures, which are type of mover from an historical perspective. Product prices are not there; they all have records. Pump prices are very often many countries at records. So this is where the impact on the economy, on the consumption, on the consumer is really happening, and that's much more severe than what food prices suggest.

Speaker 1  26:28
So Natasha, certainly you know the U.S.-Iran war has taken most of the market's attention bandwidth of late, but there are other things brewing, Another geopolitical flashpoint, you know, the Russia-Ukraine war. It did impact energy markets at the beginning. How do you see it progressing, and do you see it having an impact in either crude or refined products going forward? And then the other one is, well, you see pissing the horizon. Are you assuming something there in your projections? And the other one is is the Fed. You know, we were discussing in a different panel earlier, right? The Fed is priced now to hike tomorrow. Let's see if they deliver or not. And the market is pricing like over 90 basis points for the next year. Do you expect this monetary tightening to have any bearing on the on the energy market, particularly oil prices?

Speaker 3  27:26
Yeah. Well, thank you, Luis. Yes. So, Russia-Ukraine. So, as David described, is that in our case, actually, in our models, we can balance the crude market. So, for example, our pricing model is showing that the fair value for oil for crudes rent in September is $90. So we're trading at 106 at the moment because of the East West pipeline. The marketplace pricing is that this is you know the supply that will that has a potential to be removed out of the market. That's why we're trading at $16 price premium. Similarly, what David said is that while we can stabilise the crude prices at around $90, we absolutely cannot solve for products like gasoline diesel and so on. And so, what I always remind the market is, though you know, we read in the news about crude, but again, we don't consume crude. Gas was we fill up our cars with gasoline. You know, diesel is being used to deliver our Amazon packages. When we fly, that's jet fuel. When we coal, that's fuel, heating fuel oil, and so on. So this is the one that we really, really need to be paying attention. And the issue with product prices is that we entered 2026 with low capacity in in refining. So what's you know why that's the reasoning? Well, I would have to say that a lot of that has to do with the climate targets. So for example, California shut down two refiners in the first quarter, despite the start of the Iranian war. We had one refiner shut down in UK, one in in one in Germany, so China has very strict climate targets. So because of that, they said we don't want to be the refinery for the world. So we actually the target from the Chinese side is to have flat refining exports. So what that means is that especially now, if you add a war in Iran, if you add the situation in Russia, that we're missing about 6% of the global refining capacity at the moment is gone. So even if the East-West pipeline resumes operation, we can soft recruit. But again, I cannot solve the refining product prices because the shortages on the refining side. So out of the 6% that were missing-they pretty much evenly, almost evenly split between Middle East, Russia, and China. So Middle East, everybody understands. Yes, there is a war zone. We understand what is happening there. There is very, very limited. They're very shy about sharing information. Exactly what is happening there, what is destroyed. Less so in the case of Russia. So I think Ukraine decided that there is zero chance that Russia will actually enjoy the higher oil prices, and so they have been targeting Russian refining capacity very aggressively. What is also obvious is that the tactics changed very much since March of this year. So the technology that Ukraine is using now, in terms of the drone attacks, is massively different from what they did before March. So the drones are just not the swarms. You know, they're synchronised. They're extremely precise. The latest attack that we observed on Sunday actually flew 1,200 kilometres deep into the Russian territory, so whoever makes the decision what to hit is clearly a very well educated Russian petroleum engineer because they're extremely precise with what exactly they're targeting, and so what that means is that Russia is in trouble. So actually, the situation domestically is worse than what you're reading in the news. You you know need to get up at 5o'clock in the morning. You know look for gas stations, stay very long time in line. Maximum you can get it's 20 litres of of gasoline that you can fill up your car, and the price is about you know up 50% You know, despite all those measures that you know they're doing this domestically, so hence you know Russia had no choice to protect the domestic market, and they banned all the exports of every single product, like diesel, like gasoline, like jet fuel. So, but you know, Russia is United States administration calls Russia the you know the gas station of of the world, so it is the second largest exporter of diesel, for example. So this is a very very big issue for the world. It came I think unnoticedibly, but the moment Russia started banning all those exports, it was felt in the presses very much.

Speaker 3  31:56
So like in the case of the United States, record diesel prices. Even in the case of gasoline, those record seasonally adjusted prices. For example, Americans paid record gasoline prices during the Labour Day holidays, so jet fuel less so. But again, seasonality is down. Yes, so we need to be watching very closely on the spring season and all the spring vacation start. So, Luis, what is you know where do do I see the situation at the moment? So, the first time we've noticed that Russian oil and gas companies started losing money, the way cash flow negative was February this year. So, at that time, Brent was trading at 60 low 60s, and Russian eras of Australian at low 50s, so that was the first time that we saw that actually they're losing money on cash flow basis. So they were saved by the Iranian war. They were saved by the bell. Russia is not going to negotiate that $100 oil. It just makes zero sense for them when the price is down again to 16, you know, low 50s or mid 50s, that's when Russia is, at least in my mind, would be ready to sit down and at least talk. So for me mentally to solve for Russia-Ukraine, I need the Iranian war to be over. So otherwise, it just it's it's not. So the market, Louis, now at the moment, completely is repressing the length of Iranian war, and so a lot of discussions: Is this an next forever war? How we should be thinking about that? Will there be escalation after the midterm elections in the United States and elections in Israel? I think at least everybody I speak with answers yes. Can this last through 2027? The answer is yes. So that means that Russia-Ukraine is not going to be solved either.

Speaker 1  33:44
So can you elaborate on that scenario? So you did publish Natasha last week a report. Are we getting inured to a forever conflict? So you know you had assumed that a deal to to address you know passage through the Sierra Formulas would be accomplished in a lot of a year, and you know that has. I mean, there was an MOU, but there was no follow through, right? So, when you incorporate a forever conflict in your scenario, what does it mean for average prices? Remember the year, year end? Right.

Speaker 3  34:15
Yeah. Yeah. So, Luis, I'll be very open with you and with our clients that nobody liked the note, so I'm just putting it out there. People disagreed with everything, and so the whole argument from the note was that I understand why everybody feels the way they feel right now because you know the spot market is trading at 120 dollars, you know Chinese oil price at 136, and you know Brent was at 106, so there's definitely a panic. You know the market is thinking about okay, you know what if you know the pipeline is completely shut and what that means for us and so on and so. But again, what I keep mentioning and I keep saying that as long as the inventories are not drawn, the price cannot go up. We need to see another move much much lower in inventories, and again, just guys, for you to keep in mind, I keep very very you know round numbers. We assumed 1.5 billion barrels of inventory needs to draw only 0.5 drop, because the countries and policymakers refuse to do that. As long as that's the case, the price cannot go up as long as they let in demand go instead of inventories go. The price will go down. It cannot go up. So the argument, you know, when we model all of that, it's a 90-dollar oil. So similarly, the way the market panicked was Russia-Ukraine didn't happen. So similarly, right now, my argument is there is, you know, clearly, rightly so, panic in the market, especially in the spot market. People are bidding out the barrels, but in general, demand is down 5% this year. Global demand is down 5% Louis, this is this is way beyond the level of what we observe in the global financial crisis. So those are COVID type of levels, you know, on averages, and so in this situation, the price cannot go up. But again, I can balance the market at 90-dollar oil, not at 70, not at 60. It's a 90-dollar oil price with you know spikes or you know drops somewhere in the middle.

Speaker 1  36:17
So from that perspective, where we are right now, you think that there's downside to prices, not upside.

Speaker 3  36:23
So, I say since 2022, when the Russia-Ukraine war happened, this is the first time that I am struggling to come up with a baseline view, because with Russia-Ukraine war, my baseline view was you know living through the 90s in Russia, everything will flow. Yes, it's just it's the massive amount of money people can make with access to oil that my view was there will be zero loss from the Russian production. It will flow. So we took the other you know the other side of the argument in 2022. This time around, my view was that there are red lines. I believe there are red lines that the U.S. administration will not be willing to cross in the midterm election year. Five handle 10 year, four handle CPI. You know, $5 gasoline prices and so on. So, hence that's why you know when we modelled everything, everything was pointing out gasoline will get close to $5 by the end of May. That will push inflation to four, and you know the the 10-year yield closer to you know to five. And so, hence, that's why the view was that there will be a ceasefire and some type of an agreement by June. So now this is a good point, yes, because we already crossed all those red lines and they are now pink lines. I don't even know how to describe them at this point. But this situation, where I stand today, Louis, I'm struggling to come up with with a resolution. Or how do you resolve that? So I'm really worried that for President Trump, this is a legacy question. He's not running for re-election, and he does not want to go down in history as a president who signed an unfavourable deal. So maybe he does not mind going down in history as a president who started another forever war in the Middle East. But at the moment, I just don't see any signs or any signals from the administration that they're willing to negotiate. So I'm really, really struggling with the baseline view at the moment. So I seem forever aware at this point. Seems like the likely scenario.

Speaker 1  38:36
Okay, cheerful, careful. I have certainly more questions, but I want to give the audience a chance if anyone has any questions. There's a mic that can be brought to university, please. Okay, there's one. Karim,

Speaker 4  39:03
thank you. It's just on your point that there is too much money at stake. Thinking of what's happening now in Saudi Arabia, how much can they play the same game as UAE and the others, and reroute that export back through the Strait of Poland?

Speaker 2  39:24
Yeah, I'm happy to take that question. We have seen indications that Saudi Arabia tends to increase these exports through the Strait of Hormuz. They have positioned their vessels. They've started removing more from the ports inside the Gulf. It is also a bit of a capacity question right now. Yeah, that's why these rate rates are extremely high. So some flows can be routed back. Of course, it will also be a question of the further reactions are. And if I may add a little bit also on Matasha's comments, I agree it's extremely difficult. Yeah, you can make very easy list scenarios that the market will go much higher if we just go back. I do want to say that in our data we actually see quite steep inventory loss over the last two months. So from that point of view, that includes all floating roof tanks around the world, all oil, food, and products. That is really down quite significant and will be the seasonal low probably within a couple of weeks. At the same time, I would say what I take away from this crisis is, once it is over, we are probably in for very low oil prices because we have seen very strong potential of supply, especially from the U.S. but also from entire Latin America, to a certain extent even from Europe in terms of refining operations. Once there is peace. If there is peace, I think we will be also in a way in a market share battle because the oil producers need to fight back against the biggest ever incentive for renewable energy that has been out there. I think the current incentive for renewable energy is much bigger than it was driven by the climate climate

Speaker 1  41:00
change.

Speaker 5  41:04
Hi. Yes, mr. h2. questions. Have you encountered in the history of oil global growth a situation where demand is down 5% without global growth tanking? Because you said 5% is unprecedented. So I'm just curious: Is this complete demand substitution, which would be a first? And question number two: I found the interplay between product and crude very interesting. So, if the Iran calls it were to win tomorrow, do you think the crude goes down, but product prices cracks could stay high? And how quickly can refining capacity come back online. So, what does need to play in that? And what is your forecast for crack over the next six to 12 months? Thank

Speaker 1  41:49
you. You want to start, Natasha?

Speaker 3  41:52
Yeah. So the yeah the interplay between the global economy and and oil demand. So this is the argument that we've now been having on a weekly basis was our economies because you know I kept saying okay that's what we're you know seeing on the demand side and our global economy said well we just upgraded growth in in Asia for example and so one example I can give you which is I think the best example just to explain what is happening at the moment so actually a lot of countries give us their oil demand statistics on a monthly basis in year over year terms, and so Thailand is one of the sorry Taiwan is one of the countries that reports their oil demand, and since the start of the war, it's down about on average 22% So Taiwanese economy grew 12% this year. So both numbers are reported by the same country. Yes, it's not us extrapolating those numbers. So what drives Taiwanese economy? It's it's semiconductors, it's computational power, it's AI, and all of that. So all of this is energy intensive, but not oil intensive. So exactly the same situation. South Korea, more than happy to share. You know that the table is all the same because those are the countries reporting. Japan, you know, their demand is down. Oil demand about 8% You know, South Korea about you know six to 7% So, all those countries at the same time, we upgraded growth for all those countries. Which again, you know, this is not what drives the global economy at the moment. A lot of that has to do with, you know, the the capex spent on compute power and you know all those things that have to do with the technology investments. This is not oil intensive, so hence, I think I personally believe that the global economy is substantially more oil efficient than we think. That's at least my observation this year. Substantially so, but again, you're absolutely correct. The word you use is a substitution. So oil demand could be down 5% but that does not mean that it stops the economy because that's not what drives the global economy at the moment. That's point number one and point number two on the refining. So when the war ends and hopefully it will happen sooner, so Middle Eastern capacity will come back. So David is absolutely correct. To us, the end of the war, that's a 60-dollar oil price. In my view, Russian oil will be trading again at discount, and Russia will be receiving maybe $52 for its oil. So, which means they would have to start thinking about you know what is the end game in Ukraine. So, which means the Russian capacity will come back again. In the case of China, I think that they are way ahead of their climate targets, and I don't think they will increase exports substantially. Actually, you know, to help that, what that means is that crude prices will go down to you know $60, which is below historical averages. In the case of the product prices and product prices, they will come down from today's levels, but they will be still above the historical averages. There's just no other wages because of all the capacities that shut down in California and in Europe. So we just, as as a world, we are short refining capacity.

Speaker 2  45:19
Anything you want to? Yeah, I would like to add. I do have a bit of a hard time to believe this minus 5% figures or minus 10% figures in China. I mean, I think that figure is definitely wrong. It's really the question how you measure demand, and it's extremely complicated at this point of time. We are not modelling demand at this point of time. I'm just saying it from the outside. My longer term experience, I have a bit of my bounce, but let's assume for a moment these figures arrive. Then, of course, it also sets a new baseline for declining demand. Yeah, because then it also means that demand for infinite rates start to shut down, and the question is whether that will ever come back. Yeah. So I think after, if if we have peace, we definitely we are the good side, and they actually can see even lower prices, and they also see refining margins under much pressure. In the longer run, capacity will always be profitable because a lot of outdated refining capacity will continue to shut down, and we will always have a bit of this shortfall. But in the short term, crude end products once the war ends.

Speaker 1  46:26
Yeah, well, that's the message. Unfortunately, we're taking for this panel, David. I think it's not for joining me in the discussion. Thank you all for watching and working for the South Street and Long.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai