Speaker 1  00:02
They consulted broadly, and and people on the street, and corporations, and even ourselves, could put submissions forward as to what the areas of the audit were. The scope was broader than just closing the mine, which is how it was framed in the early stages. It was it was through operational technical issues, Vehicle administrative kind of things you need to know and how you operate a mine, and not just how you shut it down. I think was important. We came away with that of 87% since some change being in compliance with our environmental impact assessment, which is really constructive, positive results. We think it compares well with with other businesses in Panama, with with other businesses in our sector. But equally, I think you know. I think it just demonstrates the fact that we are a good, solid operator across all those fields. It also shows that there's a bit of room to improve, frankly, as well, and that there's an opportunity for us to work with the government. If the government can play a role to make sure that we are fixing what needs to be fixed, and and I think that will play well, you know, in once we get to the moments of negotiations in a new deal, and I think the government can can make something of that in terms of how they will help us operate the mine better.

Speaker 2  01:17
Sorry, and like those gaps, like what sort of were the main gaps that they identified. The

Speaker 1  01:22
main ones relate to to I mean, administrative gaps, that kind of thing, which are also immediately sort of remediable. But kind of the bigger, more obvious areas would be relate to biodiversity and reforestation, where our programmes, frankly, just hadn't kept up just with the requirements of what we what we'd agreed to under EIA, part of it, part of the one that sort of yeah, and I think I think feel sort of you know we should we should have done better on that we can fix, and I think need a new strategy around reforestation. We had a lot of isolated sort of you know reforestation smaller smaller projects, and so their head has been left and kind of gone into neglect, while what a mine has been not operating in no small way because they're in very out of the way, hard to access regions, and so I think it's an era where we really need a new strategy, whether it's some sort of national park land or a bigger bang for buck approach, whereas I think you know when there are sort of smaller allotments of land, local communities that hadn't maintained them or intact, and they sort of you know destroyed them and put you know used for agriculture and that kind of thing. So it's imminently remediable, but it does I think need to need a new strategy similarly to non biodiversity As well, so you know. So audit results, we've got those. Since then, the government has formed a panel of three ministers: finance, trade and industry, and the environment, to work together with with their own teams, to work together with us, to put together a set of recommendations to the president, and they said on the future of the mine by the end of the year. You know, I think that some folks have reflected that that means there'll be a result by the end of the year. We, you know, given the current progress, we continue to think that something happens before the end of the year. But you know, as they said, it's the government that are in control of the timeline, and so we have to work within within you know their their confines. Suffice to say that there is good progress. You know, we we can't speak to what the you know a new deal is, but suffice to say that we're open to different constructs of that deal, whether that's an investment by the government or shareholding, as has been postulated in the press a little bit, or whether that's in your new reworked tax or royalty structure, for us it'll come down to what that net economic take is at the end. And so long as that's in a fair space for us and our investors, so long as First Quantum has the right to operate the assets so long as we've got good durability protections in the in the deal, which pretty much means international arbitration rights. That will start to start to line up the line up the right way, and we're seeing enough positive action from the government and their consultants and what have you to to be confident in that in that in that direction of Progress. Yeah, yeah. We're hoping for this year could change early next year. What we are busy with at the moment is processing the mineral stockpiles on site. What that does mean, though, is that there's a finite amount of material that we can process, and that we've hired people back onto site to process, and that we've we've got one of our mill trains, and we're currently debating whether we will switch to a second mill train there to operate, making some good revenue, which is covering costs for restarting the site. But if that runs out, we have to let people go again, and that long stop date, if you will, is probably sort of mid to late next year, which I think kind of creates a bit of an impetus in the government's mind. They're aware of that. Two of those ministers I referred to earlier have been to site, and they've met with people, and they're giving them you know our workforce confidence that this resolution is in sight in this as well. Yeah, we're feeling a little bit confident, but there's still work to do.

Speaker 2  05:18
And in terms of the sort of ramp up time that you would need. So let's say a decision is made by the end of the year. So how long would you need to get the operation ramped up again?

Speaker 1  05:29
Something could be as short as three months, aggressively, but more reasonable timelines, probably more like three to six. This is by virtue of us already running one mil train, and as I say, debating whether we get a second one running at the moment. So to get a third mil train and running within a three-month horizon is very achievable. I think also, you know, by virtue of the fact that all activities on site are operating bar drilling and blasting right now. So you know, we're moving all around the site. The trucks are, you know, you know, there's material being lifted onto trucks. It's taking into the plant. It's being milled. It's being that's being going, you know, loaded to the concentrate shed. We've we've we've said to the market we've sold one vessel already. Second vessel loading. Our coal-fired power stations up and running as well. We've got deliveries of coal coming in and vessels going out. But you know, all all these levels of activity are happening on the site. You'd be forgiven, you know, being 40% of people and think the mine was already operating. You you can see why. But I guess it just shows that you know there's not too much more else to do really once we get wetting on on a deal with the government. Anything else on Panama folks? Maybe it's a little bit on public perception in Panama, because I think it'll be one of the key levers that ultimately sees the deal being signed off and and supported by parts of government. When the issue, when Panama first hit the famine was at its worst, 90% of people in Panmu were very anti-mining, and that was a function of, you know, there was a two-week period. They were kind of on ground to a halt, and you know you couldn't get your kids to school, and there were no fresh food on the on the on the shelves in the supermarket, which was a grim time. And but since then, I think you know that the more you know the more rational impact of taking out 2% of your workforce or 70% of your exports has had its impact on the economy, and so your jobs has very much become the issue of the day, with with rising unemployment in Panama, which has seen positivity in respect of restarting the mine start to grow significantly. So from that negative 90, that's in like positive 60% just shy of people are in support of starting the mine again, with the protections around sustainability and transparency that we are very confident we can deliver and achieve. We would say we were doing already, but we're happy to find better ways of doing that. So that's that's constructive. We've seen we've seen people people are very talking about the mine in positive terms. I spoke about ministers going to site, and you know, whenever they're at site, it's widely publicised on the Twitter sphere. We do the right sort of media scrapes and see how that's going down in the population, just to make sure we've got the pulse of how people are thinking about the issue. And it's you know, 80, 90% positive in response to to these actions. No one's going. Why the hell are they on site? We should be shutting this down. Headline during the recast, I think. So there was something the Catholic diocese and Panama City was talking about. They're not in favour of mining. And look, it's important to say there will always be detractors for for mining. It's it's it's it's it's an extractive business. It does involve impacting environment and for periods of time. And then we're really really good at rehabilitating sites as well, so there is there is a there's a necessary evil in that, and you know we have seen over the last sort of six months or so two protests in Panama, small, you know less than 400 people. There's a prominent environmental lawyer in Panama City who galvanises some folks together, and they last about two hours, and they're well managed, and they come and they protest, and they go. Well, they don't even come to site because we're not in Panot City, but you know they they sort of walk down the right avenue, and and it's gone.

Speaker 1  09:29
And and what we've observed, actually, one of one of them happened very close to the release of the audit results, and it was 80% of commentary on the day related to our name related to the audit results, not to the protest, but as long as people don't care about the mine the way they did before, and that I think they're just walking with the jobs come back and that the mine starts again. Talk about

Speaker 2  09:53
Zambia, and then in terms of potential weather impacts there, you know, the driveway impact power.

Speaker 3  10:06
Of course, there are risks to be managed, and things to understand would significantly mitigate to that power risk versus where we were in 2023 and four. So Zambia's obviously significant contribution to power is hydropower from through the dam, and that is actually at higher levels than it has been in recent years. There are there is talk about El Nino as being an El Nino year, which could mean a drier year and lower levels in there. But in some ways, that's actually a bit of a red herring for us because we now have about 80% of our power coming from third-party power providers under contracts out to H1 next year, and that power is not coming from Zambia; it's coming from South Africa and other countries as well. So, if there is well, there is hydro power being at high levels in Zambia is great, but we're not significantly relying on that at the moment. Beyond our third-party provision, we're looking at other options as well, whether that be taking it from the Zambian grid, or whether that be more likely Total with the French Energy Group Total Project, which is a solar renewing project for about 430 megawatts of solar renewal power, and will be the long-term 100% off taker of that. So, gives us significant certainty over power, as well as having a Cesco contract if could take the power from the Cesco grid as well. Cesco being the local provider of power.

Speaker 2  11:48
And how much of your total power needs that cover?

Speaker 3  11:51
Almost all. I mean, we have total need of about 300, a slightly less. They're not directly comparable because solar sort

Speaker 2  12:00
of.

Speaker 1  12:04
I think we have just seen through this crisis period, and a lot of investments across interconnectors across the Southern African power pool. Great, far greater involvement of energy traders in the mix as well. A bunch of big and small firms have been coming to view there that we're working with the access. It doesn't alarm us to the same extent that it did two and a half years ago, when the draft was staring us in the face. A more well-developed toolkit to manage.

Speaker 2  12:38
I mean, in terms of the sort of mining operations there, processing everything going according to plan.

Speaker 1  12:46
Very well, actually, that's the thing about fuel. Actually, we just have maybe word on diesel just as well. Just obviously on the other side of the fuel fuel fuel equation there for us, we've suffered like so many others, and with rising fuel prices, and it's only added to C ones. Was it because of the 25 century Reza? There was a

Speaker 3  13:04
risk to see ones of 25 cents if people cost stayed where they were in q2.

Speaker 1  13:09
I'm telling you, we were running some of those scenarios on that number that were looking a bit scary. But fuel prices increased, but copper prices have run faster, and so that's yeah, is being being being good for the income statement, but the far greater risk was cessation operations, which we haven't had to worry about. Because of the electricity and because of our sort of you know extensive use of trolley assist on our sites, we only have the most installed trolley capacity across the miners, in Zambia, possibly Africa, we can switch between electricity and diesel very, very easily to optimise fuel costs, and we've also invested in increased storage capacity for fuel. So at any point in time, we've got a good three months of fuel contract to go in storage and ready to go, so we're not managed actively. I think we're watching that situation very very closely. Operations wise, in the main, you know, we're starting operating close to guidance or within guidance. Excuse me, sorry. Consensy, there we've been busy ramping up S3. That's the third sulphide circuit at Kensanchi. That's gone particularly well. It's most of this year has been processing the low-grade stockpiles of our southeast dome part of the site, and we and we have in this last quarter started to move into the higher-grade material. I think that the grade recoveries are nearly slightly impacted. They're also taking longer for the high grade material to have a positive impact on Conscious production levels, but we still do expect an uptick, sort of maybe 30, 40,000 extra tonnes of copper per annum coming through on top of your current guidance for this year. I think it's provided for in the guidance really for essentially for next year. Tritons have had a tougher year. The theme there has been repeatedly having to to to pull up the ball mill, and actually we can do it quite quickly now in a couple of hours, but to replace certain bolts and then get the machine operating again, we've got a mill shell scheduled to arrive in Q1 next year, and we'll do we'll do the replacement work to fix that issue once and for all. And we've got a spare mill shell on site as well for the future there, which will which should have Trident productivity, which has been impacted this year. Also, but towards a smaller billow rate of guidance, I think for for Trident. Are you guys lungs? Yeah, yeah, we've been flogging it during this as well.

Speaker 3  16:00
Tried million revenue in q2.

Speaker 2  16:04
12 million. That q2 is going to be higher now.

Speaker 3  16:08
Yeah, we haven't said it.

Speaker 2  16:11
So, terms of volumes, like how

Speaker 4  16:13
long? Not sure.

Speaker 3  16:16
I don't. I think I want to say a number, but I don't know. It's

Speaker 1  16:19
not life-changing money. It's it's the fact that we're launching. These are not short-lived products. Yeah, yeah, exactly.

Speaker 5  16:25
It's pure drop-down, right? It's a byproduct.

Speaker 4  16:28
Yeah, comes out last

Speaker 1  16:28
filter. Yeah, I think selling to other operations and things like that. Change of the project byproduct. Yeah, I mean, super excited. That's what we spend most of our time. I think an enviable project pipeline. Maybe working backwards. Just we've got Akira in Peru, probably 10 years to the plus away, spending $20 million a year drilling campaigns and community work. Kind of the focus there, but say a fair bit away still. Closer in vogue would be La Granja, which is also in Peru. That's our joint venture with Rio Tinto. We own 55% then 45% in a atypical manoeuvre by one of the majors to let a name such as us take take you know run the shop. But it is how FQM likes to operate, quite an exciting asset. I think it is the second

Speaker 3  17:26
second biggest undeveloped copper body in the

Speaker 1  17:28
world. Yeah, and our CEO is very excited about it. A lot of it's a true asset with sort of a multitude of different issues in terms of like high arsenic levels in the ore body and an operational puzzle to optimise that is really the kind of thing where the first quantum project team kind of swings into gear and really kind of buzzes in a big way. They've done a lot of studies in understanding how arsenic is is dispersed in the ore body and proving our thesis correctly in terms of how we can process it. It's it's it's not resource constrained. It's space constrained. Constrained because it's down in the mountains. Yeah, way up, and so we'll be sort of splitting our processing. Some of it will happen close to the site, and then there'll be a pipeline that connects down to the coast, where the rest of the processing will go go on. So yes, that's a good five to six years away now. The closest one is Takataka. You were speaking of a lot. That's in Argentina. Next big project, and we it's key steps there. We released the technical report in February this year, and that speaks to 4.2 billion dollars worth of capex, which will see us develop 40 megaton processing capacity per annum. There's optionality there to spend another 1.2 billion and take it up to 60 million tonnes per annum. 40 million tonnes looks a lot like our Sentinel operation in terms of size and the two mil trains, and adding on that extra 1.2 billion on the third mill train, and then that operation looks very much like Cobra Panama. It's northwest in Argentina, up in the Puna region. It's very dry. It's very high, which presents a whole new issues and you know managing oxygen levels on machinery and that kind of thing. The techie folks are thinking about at the moment. Water access would be a key issue. We have identified enough water within four local catchments for our initial investment case, and I think about 80 or 90% of the water for the 60 million tonne case has been identified, and and more work continues continues there. It's a region. The physics of the water in the region aren't terribly well understood, and so there's a lot of drilling going on to understand it and how much we can extract. A lot of this brackish water. It's you know big sort of salt pans up there in in the Argentine desert. A lot of water as well, kind of is runoff from the snow-capped mountains as well. So we're going through that process at the moment. The water permit is in. Our ESIA is in with the regional authorities as well. Good engagement back and forward with them, and we expect to have that approval during the rest of this year. Regie, kind of the investment framework within Argentina, that has really unlocks this kind of investment for us and many other miners. We have our application ready and seeking to submit that in the next month or so. Quietly confident of getting that back in Q1 through the course of Q1 next year, which would then see us up to an FID probably midway through next year. So the other massive amount of work that's going on before Chris and I and many others in the finance team is the financing of the project. And at this stage, it's about making sure we've got a plentiful set of options available and how to finance it. That includes that includes looking for a potential minority to to join us in that in that investment. When you add on the financing costs and a bit of and a bit of cost creep and inflation, you know that it's very quickly $5 billion worth of spend, which you know we want to partner on board to to help us with and to manage, you know, political risk and what have you. I would be clear that that will also be subject to the right valuation and and you know strategic and technical alignment and that kind of thing. But critically, we'll be a minority partner, which doesn't suit all types of investor. It's early doors, and we've had great participation and interest in in in the first round of that.

Speaker 2  21:41
100% So yeah. the project,

Speaker 4  21:44
that's right. Yeah.

Speaker 2  21:46
In terms of the split, like debt equity, do we try and raise at the asset level, or would it be all from

Speaker 1  21:52
the mix overall? So 50-50 is the target target debt equity level, and yeah. So even among the other tools or options that we're looking at, it would be project financing. You know, looking to the same kind of toolkit that Rio and McEwen and others looking to invest in Argentina are looking to. The premium there, I think, is on political support and what policy lenders and agency lenders can bring, and so we think there's a strong, strong. Well, I know there's strong appetite actually because we're having those conversations, but I think the ability for for that to I think to read positively into the valuation piece as well that that all becomes pretty constructive. But look, yeah, open-minded. Well, I said we're doing a lot of work into making sure that option is available, but open-minded about how we use it. We're looking at streaming. We're paying attention to the bond market as ever, but we haven't taken an FID. So I think until we do that, we won't. We wouldn't be kind of going down more more usual routes of capital. Bank market there is perfectly non-existent or not. The right tenants, anyway. So maybe maybe at the margin, maybe and maybe as part of that overall project financing package, I think those those kind of thoughts that we're working hard to make sure that they're available for FID mid road to next year. Project itself is very exciting. I say for 3035 years of my life, as now, with expansion opportunities beyond it. I think that I've mentioned the 40-60. That's producing about north of a million tonnes of concentrate, and that means around nearly 300,000 tonnes of copper at peak levels, and through the life of the asset, probably around 200,000 tonnes of copper. Q1 on the cost curve with benefiting from strong byproduct credits that live with about north 100,000 ounces of gold included within that concentrate. There's also we'll also be selling them a lithium concentrate

Speaker 4  24:00
as well.

Speaker 2  24:02
of refinancing, you know, 2031 has become callable soon already in

Speaker 1  24:10
June. Yeah, first first call is June. Next one next year. Oh, this coming June

Speaker 2  24:16
on the 2031.

Speaker 4  24:18
Yeah, yeah, yeah. One and four currently.

Speaker 1  24:21
In terms of you know the the thinking there because I want obviously higher coupon than you probably would want. So are you thinking about maybe addressing that soonish, or are you thinking about paying attention to it? To watching it closely, we actually I did mention about attack attack actually was just you know one of the key parts of our investment thesis there is that we want net leverage to be sub two, which is sub two and closer to one, which is frankly code for Cooper Panel being back. And so, as we think about some of those big levers that that need to come, we like having some addressable, available debt to to to to pay down in in that mix, and or to equally once that comes, and could be a bit of a kicker on our credit, but might be the right opportunity to do the refinancing. Watching that, feeling a wee bit nervous about the world and credit spreads, you know, as much as we think we've got a bit of a tailwind behind us, that the risk risk premiums might do do the wrong thing. But that's sort of the tension that we're wrestling at the moment. Despite saying that the interest costs are high, they're they're be expensive to buy back stores as well. It's it's not necessarily slammed down. Chris is repeatedly doing the entity analysis for me. And it's not super material one way or the other.

Speaker 3  25:46
When do you need the funding for the Takaraga project?

Speaker 1  25:50
Once we take an FID decision, which will be midway through next year.

Speaker 3  25:52
Next year.

Speaker 1  25:54
Yeah, it's about a four-year development cycle. Yeah, we can say 4.2 billion dollars, roughly evenly spread.

Speaker 4  26:10
Sure. Still

Speaker 6  26:10
bullish.

Speaker 1  26:11
We are. Yeah. Indeed. Look, I think we are. And as I say, that okay. We know there's no house view, so it's probably more my view than anything else. So feel free to feel free to discount this in this garbage. But I think there's some frockiness there. There's a lot of AI-related news. I think we've seen that in recent days as well with some volatility in the price. Harrison obviously having a massive impact as well on on the price. But you know, long-term, I think the big societal trends around electric vehicles, increasing use of renewable energy, increasing middle class and energy demands-all of that, I think, speaks really strongly to ongoing positive positive copper price. Saw article from City, I think, talking about prices in the region

Speaker 4  27:00
of $15,000 a tonne. tonne, which yeah makes constructed, and we know that would survive through through the rest of the year next year.

Speaker 1  27:11
Sure. Well, just on that's also we also remain chronically short of supply as well, into into after years. In this, in the in the near term, that is because covered panels came back with. the hedging front, no more. I guess in a word. As a business, we are a strategic non-hedger. We very much exist to give our shareholders and bondholders alike exposure to the copper price, the wins and the losses of it, but more critical is that we're there to give that exposure. And so, in 24, we implemented a hedging programme to guard our net leverage covenants through that through that period, through period when we were investing, you know, billion 2,000,000,003, in in our S3 project in Zambia, our copper panel has been out, and so it was just important to protect the balance sheet. We took a bit of pain on it. The structure was was quite wide collars, but you know the copper price was you know accepted the challenge and went through the through through those core levels, and that programme came to an end in in June this year, it was about we only detected I think it was about 50% of production. A little bit more than less in certain quarters, but so far there thereabouts through through the period. So you know we had good positive results, and everything notwithstanding the fact that we locked in on part of it. And as I say, we wouldn't be seeking to rush to hedge again. Current prices have to fall a very long way before we would start to worry about our covenants in isolation on a price-only basis.

Speaker 7  28:57
Do these clothes? They're sort of all in cash cost per kilogramme.

Speaker 3  29:03
We don't.

Speaker 7  29:05
I mean, you mentioned first corner cost kind of. Yeah.

Speaker 4  29:10
For attack and tag on all and sustaining.

Speaker 3  29:13
Yeah. So we we guide for c1 costs. We guide for all and sustaining costs for the copper production, but we don't disclose our sort of break even, break even, right? And the first quartile that we mentioned also tapped. That's right. Yeah.

Speaker 4  29:30
Whereas other assets are dispersed along the curve. Could you talk about maybe talking? Sure.

Speaker 1  29:39
Sure. I mean, currently we look at something near net average, which is you know kind of inherited from our banking facility, which drives a lot of corporate and strategic flexibility. There, I think I think last quarter was 3.4, and you know I think current prices sort of sideways to down for the rest of the year in a pre-Panama world, but with Panama back and depending on what your assumption or the boy and copper price, it starts to decrease very very quickly. You know we went we went into into the whole cover Panama situation with leverage approaching five times actually was far far too highly levered, and that's always having to take some really painful decisions around the managing of our capital structure. So as we as we get into taking that, we we are we are being very purposeful about making sure the net leverage is low, lower before we before we take that decision. And so we've we've expressed that in being less than two times, ideally closer to one. That's not a we haven't guided things like that through the cycle number or or a ratings target or anything like that yet. But you know, suffice to say, we are seeking to act to to keep leverage lower within the business.

Speaker 3  31:01
Any asset sales that you have planned?

Speaker 1  31:04
No, we've had a breakdown, right, Chris? Yeah, we've

Speaker 3  31:08
obviously done the Turkish asset and the Spanish asset. Beyond that, you know, Danish. There's a Spanish asset sale is complete, right? Yeah, that's right. There is no clawback or anything on that one, any risk? No, no. There might be an error now.

Speaker 1  31:24
So additional. Yeah, it's progressive payments, but I think I think we've got not a lot of. I know it depends on that new owner and their funding strategy, but we've not got it in any of our projections.

Speaker 3  31:35
And then beyond that, obviously we'd have an obligation to look at anything. I'm sure our shareholders would want us to look at any options, but nothing

Speaker 1  31:42
to sell. Not much left to do so. I mean, we identified a couple of assets when Couple Panama started, and you know, and just around things that could be made available for sale to keep the business afloat, and you know, smaller assets, frankly, that were already on the strategic chopping board just around this as we move from a business with a sort of portfolio of smaller 40, 50,000 tonne per annum assets into when you look across our Zambian assets and Panama when it's back, and what what Argentina will be, and and Miranda, which will be a big 200,000 tonne per annum minimum assets, and and that's where our where our where our future

Speaker 2  32:20
lies. So there's a few smaller assets still left. Spray

Speaker 1  32:24
them so you can have if you want to. Name your price. It is. It's Kasami in Finland is sitting on Karim Maintenance at the moment.

Speaker 3  32:39
Gweldon Grain.

Speaker 1  32:40
Thank you. Yeah, yeah. That's only got a few years left, and that's turning off a nice amount of gold. So you're just going to sort of run its

Speaker 2  32:47
course, and then yeah,

Speaker 1  32:50
yeah. Another exploration guys are mentioning ideas, but no, I think the corporate plan for now is that it stays. But the corporate command of their sword as well. Well.

Speaker 4  33:06
Sorry, could I just ask? Are you managing the political risk in the place where you operate? Because it's, you know,

Speaker 1  33:14
keeps us on our toes. Yeah, it is. It is probably a feature of First Quantum that you know we have a higher risk appetite compared to other miners, and and we we do we do go to you know some countries rather others may may fear to tread. Zambia most recently maybe we just went through an election period there. The prior government is now the new government, and they they won fairly successfully. Although they had a real challenge at the end, there was there was no obvious opposition maybe you know 12 months out. But as we got close to the election period, disparate opposition parties did galvanise and came together in a big way and gave the now president again a real run for his money, and and if if if they had won that sort of you know messy coalition, you know there was talk of higher taxes for the sector and that kind of thing didn't happen, and Hichelema has retained retained that. Part of that is is is just managing your social licencing, being present in the in the in the country, making sure that you know that that that they understand you know what what what we contribute to countries in terms of jobs and taxes and you know peripheral businesses and infrastructure and and we are we're playing a very active role. We're very very you know sort of present in the present in our doorstep communities and towns, and first quantum is a near household name in Zambia, and so people understand understand the impact it makes.

Speaker 7  34:52
Sorry for my clearance. How long have you been operating in Zambia? 30 years. Just celebrated

Speaker 3  34:58
30 years.

Speaker 7  34:59
In the sense of nationalism for assets in Zambia, you know, is it increasing or how is the sense of

Speaker 3  35:07
growth? I wouldn't say so. No, they they trying to grow the mining industry significantly, and they recognise that they need investment for that. We've just made a significant investment; others are making investments. It is

Speaker 1  35:21
a volatile sector and and and and political landscape, though. I mean, I think you know last year or the year before, the year before, the expectation headlines came out with little thought from government factor on you know all new greenfield copper assets. The government needed 30% invested in. It's not only

Speaker 7  35:37
Zambia. I mean, yeah, but African countries as well. But they

Speaker 1  35:41
took it back, you know. I think they they the government has a habit of just sort of throwing out policy and then quickly repealing it, and and that's that's some of the news that the noise that that that that the sector and our investors have to have to live with and and manage and try to influence. But and if their bigger goal is to increase the amount of copper production in the country, as Chris said, they've got these targets around 3 million tonnes of copper. It's a long way off, frankly, before they get there. They're not they're not at a million yet, and most of it's from us already. But they are trying to encourage a lot of foreign investment into the country. So the thoughts of nationalism don't really support that. other other political risk? Look in in Panama and whatever that go forward situation looks like. You know there, I think by virtue, but whenever we reach that new deal, that's going to need the public and political buy-in, and that'll be there for a time. But I think again in a way that we didn't do before, we'll need to make make the impact of of our business more in the in the country. When we when we went through the worst times in Panama, we were there on our own, and you know, like I said, well, we had our I dare say we actually had our own workforce protesting for us, but they were about the only one, and and people didn't understand the impact of of our of our business. Yes, 70% of the exports they didn't understand the impact of of what they were doing by shutting that down, and and so you know part of that is ignorance, and part of that is you know not being willing to hear things, and part of that is us telling our story better and being more present in in the ways that people consume their their news and their own sense of you know social media and you know we're we're very present on TikTok and we've had some very interesting YouTube influences to site which is very weird for a mining person to talk about but it's it's the way we have to meet people where they are and influence society at large and it's not about misleading them; it's about letting them understand what we contribute. And and things like I don't know. Okay, this this is pi in the sky idea of me just talking out loud. But you know this might be like you know sponsoring the national football team and getting Panama has no history of mining in the way that South Africa or Canada, Australia do. And so you know if we can develop that and turn that into something that Panama needs to be proud about, then we start to win. Then Argentina again, different issues. You know, there's an economy with a huge history of mining, but no shortage of credit risk and political risk. And so there, things like the the RIGI framework and and that investments, investment protections and stability that it brings will be more, more, more, more important. So it's pivoting, managing the risks. I don't think that there's a silver bullet to to managing political risk, but it's about being across all those fronts.

Speaker 4  38:31
Yeah. Not

Speaker 3  38:42
directly. I mean, I think it's possibly positive in some ways because mining and the Panama Canal are the two main industries. Canals, big deal, of course. But you know, if you've got they've got one problem with the canal, and there's nerves around Chinese ownership, I guess, is would be

Speaker 1  39:04
would be the one theme. See, can have just involvement such as honky and what have you, but you know, I think might be a theme that affects us. I think you know politically, to get the mine operating again, we're leaning more into the U.S. and its engagement with us and the affinity there. But at the same time, Jiangxi Copper owns 18 and 20% of us, and that's fairly well understood. And Chinese ambassadors as well have been to meet real ministers in Panama and that kind of thing. So you know, again, we just walk that line. I wouldn't say there was a we haven't had to kind of pick a side or anything like that, or. the on a very

Speaker 5  39:46
broad level, obviously the sort of supply demand balance. I believe there's a lot of discussion around massive pop or potential pop in demand for copper electrification, all the macro trends, electrification, data centres, blah blah blah. Do you have any sense about inventory levels, how they look globally? I mean, obviously, we saw copper took a dump last week because you know, and then you know we'll see what happens. Obviously, if there's an AI bubble brewing or if there's a recession, nothing is immune. But do you have any kind of I don't know what you track? Do you have inventory levels? I mean, what what are you tracking, and what do you see as the current, or I guess even future? Like, well, I guess current is more relevant for all of us for trading things. I mean, you know, what do you think? You know, inventories or supply demand for like now, or what can you tell us about that?

Speaker 1  40:37
Sure. Look, our job isn't to take a view on price. Totally, our job is our job is to mine our hearts out and to supply. But you would invest if you think is agreed, agreed, agreed. And look, I think it's fine to say we're we're we're selling absolutely everything we've got. Nothing nothing is is sitting idle. Demand for for copper by by end users remains high. I think we did see. You know, the the U.S. became this big hoover of of copper, and I think there is still substantial stockpiles there. Do you

Speaker 5  41:09
know? Do you have any?

Speaker 1  41:11
I don't know. I'm afraid. No, we we don't maintain our numbers. It really is what I'm reading. Just

Speaker 5  41:15
it's only ballpark. It's just for me to kind of you know in my head. Then you know what to expect.

Speaker 3  41:21
No, I think I mean we have seen when, as when copper prices have reduced in recent periods, obviously there's been significant increase recently. But when there has been a reduction, we've seen Chinese inventory building, and that sort of provided a certain support level. Where that support level is, not sure exactly, and it's probably checking all the time, but there is definitely a link between inventories and reducing copper pricing. I think that this AI is something that seems to be driving price significantly at the moment, but there's lots of other drivers as well with just general electrification networks, network distribution Systems strengthening, growing populations, lots, lots of old plants.

Speaker 4  42:07
Where's the spot treatment charge now? Is it negative? No, but that's right. It's still very slightly positive. That's that much lower. I think I

Speaker 2  42:21
think I'm at it more.

Speaker 3  42:23
Just overcapacity and snaps.

Speaker 1  42:41
Cool. Any other questions, folks? Yeah. Thank you. As always. Thank you.

Speaker 5  42:53
Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai