Speaker 1  00:00
Question in Hungary, so I want to wish you best of luck in your new assignment, and also best of luck for the country in this important plan transition. And so, for this session, Gergo, you prepared a presentation, so I think we can go briefly through his overview, and then we have a bit of a conversation about about Hungary, and we will have time for you guys to pose your questions as well. Of course, welcome Karim Dunhill.

Speaker 2  00:26
Thank you. Thank you for for inviting me, and let me start the presentation briefly. So, actually, you know that that in Hungary the economic environment was really challenging in the last few years because Hungary had three main problems. We had a real growth problem; the economy stopped growing, let's say, because of the pandemics and the energy crisis and the war and finally these large, let's say, car manufacturing challenges and now also the war in the Middle East. Let's say that these challenges started to be addressed one year ago when the new management of the central bank changed policy stance and started to, let's say, support a tighter monetary policy and a stronger exchange rate and advantage of the previously deficient exchange rate, but the real let's say change around this year when after 16 years of Reza government that was a populist collegiality party and and they have been so majority for 16 years and they actually increase the pensions with the last EU fund, and they started to spend a lot of government subsidies, subsidising the companies and also corporate households. And but a new government arrived, and the new government is strongly committed to improve the relations with the EU. Actually, they strike the deal just one month after running the elections with the EU to have access to the RRF funds. Looking ahead, the coalition money would arrive to Hungary significantly improves the budget. Outlook and also improve the growth. The new government heavily committed to adopt the euro, which is really Russia because the Hungarian society 80% of water supports EU adoption, and and therefore there is. that they will start a deficit induction programme because this year's deficit will be very large after the elections, and it should be slowed down to 3% to 730 because debt is the let's say the target for meeting the last 50 period. What is the timeline for this year? There are a lot of, let's say, measures to be announced. That deal is done that most likely it will be carried down to 100% and by December the money will arrive. Somewhere in in the open, the central bank will reuse or revise its inflation target. Right now, it's 3% and the central bank emphasised in the last 2013 target because it's mandatory for Hungary to join Reza. Looking ahead, the inflation target should be revised downward, and this will take place from September to November. In September, very soon, they will have a monetary council presenting the new inflation report, and between September and November, they will make a decision on the inflation target. It's also very important that in October, the Minister of Finance and the Government will present its mid-term budget outlook and the budget target for next year, and a total of the expenditure standard-based adjustment could be in the pipeline, and and then it would become clear whether the let's say the schedule of meeting the right criteria by 2030 is credible or not. Hopefully, as a MFA, okay, I really hope for a really incredible fiscal plan. The medium-term timeline, of course, Hungary should join the Iranian coup. If you would like to meet all the precarious by 2030, you should join somewhere over 2028 later to the Iran. Latest to the ERM to exchange journalism. By then, you should have a preview on on the karim, where you would add the rate about the rate which should be used to convert the local currency to euro, and by then you should start a cross cooperation regarding all the watchdog activity in the financial system, and at the end you should meet the last few criteria. And regarding the criteria, I would say that that it's clear that regarding inflation and yield, the challenge is there, but they can they are so so this is not the key because right now Hungary regarding inflation is close to the Ethereum and also regarding yields the 12th month is still far, but but currently the current yields are very close to the the basic cerium. The key is the fiscal stuff, where the deficit this year will be 7.5% and looking ahead, it should be pulled down to three bigger. Regarding exchange rate stability, there are still challenges because the country is a really volatile currency in regional comparison.

Speaker 2  06:51
Nevertheless, the central bank is on a let's say way of being prepared with these challenges, they are accumulating a lot of foreign currency Reza, and if the time arrives, then I see they will be able to manage the change rate, especially if by then the budget is much better. It should be a much better shape if that happens. So that can be done without too much problems. Where we are inflation, because the massive repairing is. going up due to the inflation shock in Europe, and because the exchange rate appreciated a lot in the last wars, and Caribbean inflation went down, we are pretty close. Regarding year, the 12-word averages is far, but the current yield level is 5.6, 5.7 in in the spring. Also one month ago, it was pretty close to the current plastic deuterium. So I would say that that I think that looking ahead, these targets can be met, especially with the first central bank, and the central bank has a very strong commitment to cooperative government in production. What is more challenging than the fiscal step? So far, the deficit was high in the last five years. Initially, it was around seven 8% After that, it then below five for two years, and this year it will be 7.5 because of drastic collection spending implemented by the previous government. From that level, it should be pulled down to somewhere to 3% by 2030, and it's very clear that that we should start this in a little credit adjustment. you do the fiscal adjustment on the deficit, then automatically it will result in increasing public debt trajectory. And regarding ethics, on the on the right, you can see the central bank ethic reserves. They are on the increasing trajectory, the usual rule of some Reza defensive rule suggests that Hungary would need something like 40 billion euro for their ethics reserves to manage challenges on short-term external debt on on fulfilling the IMF reserve adaptation and so on. Right now, EPICS reserves are exceeding 60 billion euro, and they are on the rise, and they will remain on a rising trajectory, especially with the rising new funds. So, to put it short, this amount of epic reserves, especially looking ahead, will provide for a central bank to push for lower exchange rate to go for the important, but next year global policy change fiscal deficit is around 6% and and from that level should be reduced to a level which is credible for the market to strengthen the deal that the Hungarian government is totally positive to prevent action, and for that the government has a target to do it in a way which is plus or not so harmful to growth, and and that way is to go for expenditures, and there are pretty large room for getting for the MDM budgeting relatively large compared to GDP in its size and our peers, and there is a lot of to do regarding public documents, also spending of the state itself and on government subsidies to discussions with companies, and finally to keep it short, regarding the interest balance of the Hungarian government. The impact cost of Hungarian debt is around 5% the highest in the EU. And and those countries which are within the eurozone and has similar characteristics to Hungary's like Slovakia, Croatia, Portugal, or Bulgaria, their entire debt cost is only half of the Hungarian part. Of course, now they are being reprised upward, but right now Hungarian debt is being reprised downwards. So on the mineral half of the cost of debt can be saved, so it requires of further 10 years because of the long maturity of many instruments. But on let's say a 10-year horizon, interesting expenditure. to GDP to be compressed from 204 percent to around 2.5 percent of GDP, which can contribute also to 30 due to the acid period for graphic alphabet and disabled for rely horizon. Okay, that. That's

Speaker 1  13:06
great. Thanks, thanks a lot, Piergo. Appreciate you putting together that that talk. I would like to ask you. We you mentioned a couple of times that it's important to have a credible plan. Present a credible plan. Also, last week, Minister again emphasised some of the things that he said here that the consolidation would practically be achieved from the spending side in an effort to make it less drainable impactful. From your point of view, what would constitute a credible, credible consolidation plan? Is it about how much you are taking year one, or is it about the role trajectory and how you describe?

Speaker 2  13:56
As a head of AKK, I have no view, but you know, for 20 years, I was the chief economist of OPT Bank, and with that, let's say feedback here. And I think that for a credible plan, you need, of course, at the end you should be below 3% but that's clear. Second, you should demonstrate with the front or with adjustment. So next year, that it should be well below this 6% It's not my opinion because I raise a question to our investors, and usually their opinion is that if that 6% would be pushed down to somewhere in a low pine-ish area, then that's okay. I think that this should be revision at all costs. It's important that this expenditure, so this this adjustment should be based on aggressive expenditures because the experience is that that that's more prevalent. Second, it's much less painful and growth, and there are large money moving expenditures Because the Hungarian budget spends a lot on areas which are usually not labelled as areas which would support your growth subtitle and spend much less on those areas which are more important from from those perspectives. So that is a large need for budget reallocation between among the expenditures, and and it's very important that certain expenditures, like depending on on your corporate sector subsidising, Not being competitive, for example, spending a lot on the state with so much outcome, so private procurements. I would say that that these things are necessary for a third new adjustment, and it's not only about figures because in the middle of middle of October the government in present convergence plan to the EU and also the public there only figures which would go down to three. So that's not enough. You you should present your measures.

Speaker 1  16:47
So I get it. You have a you have an optimistic story to sell, and you have a constructive narrative behind it, and a lot of people like it. I want to push back a little bit just to make this more fun. So When we look at the expenditure in Hungary, expenditure as a cycle of GDP, the thing that stands out as being really enormous is debt service. That we all agree. But once you go beyond that, primary spending in European comparison is quite normal. It's actually in the lower end, probably in the lower third in the country comparison, so that would tell me that it's actually revenue that is a bit too low in Hungary, and Hungary has very low personal income tax, very low corporate tax things like this. So, whereas I appreciate the political motivation to want to do this in in a painless way, is that really where where the juice is? Where you think?

Speaker 2  17:45
Okay. So first, you cannot compare Hungary with Hungary, so it's it's a bit misleading compared to other regional economies. It still proves that primary expenditures are above the Polish and the chapter or not, because that's why that that okay, you well it's this not this year statistics but but 2035. First, you should know what is the amount of money on the expenditures side that that is spent on on maintaining non-competitive structures spent on corruption and so on? And I think that that within Syria, it stills mean that the Hungary could cut its expenditures. Regarding revenues, you are right that on the long run, maybe higher revenues are required. Certain tax nutrients are low, but but that should be a secretary. So, long time ago, 16 years ago, Hungary performed successful fiscal adjustment. It was based on first going for EU funds because those days EU funds were invested. The same is happening today. Those days, the new government did a lot of adjustment for expenditures, which were important to the previous government, and they also implemented changes in taxation. But the early fruits arrive from the expenditures, of course. Later interest rates and also the change in taxation arise. Do that fiscal adjustment pave the way for nearly decades on growth successful in Hangul. Actually, the guy. So, the secretary of the state those days, who was responsible for the budget, was called on that time, and he is the minister of finance. So I think that that these factors should be taken into account when we are talking about about this adjustment. And right now, it's clear that first the government will go for so they they don't for you. Without them, it will be very very high. So I will need these, and they can be used to one part of them can use to add some further growth stimulus, and the rest can be used to replace those public investments which are unavoidable. And with this lecture, you can keep the economy on a growing trajectory while delivering some peaceful investments. You can go for expenditures, and that's happening. So I skip the slide, but but this year already with the government within this four months period, they implemented expenditure cuts of 400 billion. So roughly 1 billion euro, which is which is close to zero, so 0.4 percent of GDP, and they made a promise to build this year another 0.2 percent. So this process has been started, and and they are going from contract to contract, from spending areas to to check contracts which are overpriced, which are unnecessary, and are going that way. So, so this process is is so it's important, and this is one way of pushing down what we have started. So you might be right that later the taxation regime is really possible, but initially we should start the tax planning.

Speaker 1  22:20
Gotcha. I think, from I mean, not just my perspective, but a lot of the people I speak with, we tend to coincide that Hungary has the key ingredient for fiscal consolidation that many other countries would kill to have. Just there is political consensus. There is no no challenger at the moment, so essentially you can do whatever you want, and it would seem that as you come in, it would be the perfect time to deliver the harder measures, and by this I mean reform of personal income tax, but also very crucially reform of utility subsidies that will have to be addressed at some point, and that will probably weigh on the budget next year as gas prices are at night. So I'm just this is not a question. This is just me giving you some feedback of what I think people would love to see at the get at the start, and it seems like we are more trying to do things that are harmless politically, and I understand the motivation. But I would understand that motivation more, you know, in other countries, Poland or France, where the political environment is just completely unstable and very difficult. So that would be again, like what you are saying. Those are good steps, but I think perhaps I would be happy personally if you get a few more ambitious here. That's just my personal feedback, but I think a lot of people agree with me. You touched there on new funds; it's a very important part of this story. Let's let's dig a bit deeper there. So you guys managed to this very impressive I don't know how to call it but international accounting acrobatics with the view that it allows for this impossible absorption you know Poland Romania struggling for many years it comes hungry in a month everything is done show me the money so anyway doesn't matter the details, but we guys somehow were very good at this, and so we had a bit of a conversation earlier on, and I think it's important to share this with a broader audience. Tell us a bit, like about what is the expected near-term calendar for the flow of cash. I think that's an important thing.

Speaker 2  24:39
So one thing is that previously we had a strange equilibrium between Hungary and the EU because Hungary did nothing to have access to the funds and EU had no willingness to Reza money. So therefore, nothing happened. This graphically challenging area because the new government arrived. They did everything to have the money. The EU was happy to try to deal with them, and actually, the Everything was negotiated. By now, the money has been disbursed within Hungary. I mean, the treasury disbursed money. The invoice will be sent up with sales in September, and most likely later by December, the epoch in the council will check whether everything is fine, and the one can be disbursed somewhere in the middle of December by at the end of December, and something like so 9 billion euro. So large amount of money with the right to the 9 billion. And you are right that this is close to a problem because how RRF is designed. That over many years, you find the way you spend the money. You get the stamp from the EU. Then you have to tenders and spend the money. And finally, when you are there, you simply send few more services, and the money arrive, and this is many euros. And usually, you have to refinance that. I mean, the state to be something like 10, 15% of the total amount, and the EU do send the money at the end. Now, this is totally upside down Because the money has been refinanced by the government, the total amount had to be disbursed.

Speaker 1  27:09
That's the oldest deputy.

Speaker 2  27:11
Yeah, yeah, the old deputy, and and the EU will send the money in December. But for example, Hungary would like to replace old ramps and trains. It's it's not like going for reference to the market. You have to do the specification. So we are going back to the original timeline that it requires years, so so so it's it's really strange. But but actually, from from a AKK point of view, what is important that a large money have to be disturbed in August, and the size of the world of money in Iran is under the EU.

Speaker 1  28:00
So nine nine point something billion transfer in December. That that must feel nice to receive that transfer. Be there on the on the receiver end of that that wire transfer. So I guess that changes a bit your your calculations for next year. We go there in a second. But I wanted still to make a point about, I want to go on a point about these new funds and the way they are being stored. Part, part of the story. And here on this side, like we market people, we like stories. We aggregate information in stories. And this story in Hungary was, you go from, you know, political conflict within you to friendship. You go from knowing you money to money, and so you have this very interesting macro story that you're going into a macro acceleration. Now, the the very special way in which these funds are being absorbed changes a bit miscalculation because you actually you have a slide there and maybe cannot we can pull it back for for the audience to to go over the details but the way this money is being absorbed here so we have for example 2.7 billion I'm referring to the bottom table 2.7 billion in grants is former implemented RRF programmes, right? So stuff from back in the day. It's been done already, and then we have another 1.2 billion in former implemented other types of programmes that are from cohesion and are shifted to RRF to avoid the deadline, etc. This is a big chunk of money. This is 4 billion here, and then we were talking before how the government also has the capacity to now reduce some of its investment and replace it with European investment. So overall, this creates a picture of where the EU money comes in, and it creates like very very favourable situation from a cash flow standpoint. Like you are flooded cash, you have no idea what to do with the cash. But from a growth impact perspective, it doesn't do anything because so the activity here of this 4 billion happened in the past or something like that, right? And then you have some new EU money coming, but the government is cutting on its own spending at the same time. So we have a net effect that arguably it's negative, is neutral, but I would argue it's even possibly negative on the margin. And and then on top of that, like the things that we can identify where there will be actual spending are acquiring, you know, railway equipment, etc. which is probably something I don't know. Correct me, something like 60, 70% foreign content, just import. So anyway, what I'm saying

Speaker 3  30:53
is that the

Speaker 1  30:53
macro impact is is going to be a lot more modest than maybe maybe not you. You already knew this, but us we expected like a big acceleration. Okay.

Speaker 2  31:03
Okay. So first, that's true for the major part of our money. But 3.3 billion is is really used in the Hungarian Development Bank for Energy programmes, including the grid system, with with distributing smart. So

Speaker 1  31:34
where where is that in the what part?

Speaker 2  31:36
You can see the MLB capital injection from the grant and from the loan, and also the rich part. So this will be spent in Hanu in the next, let's say, two years, and this will have gone. In addition, that part, which are which were relocated from the cohesion funds to this. This will give the government more elbow room in cohesion funds because that money can be spent later. But this was in order to so to be able to close the RF topic, so the cohesion funds are still there, which can reach downstream right between around 2% of GDP. Looking ahead, this will improve the growth. It's clear that the stimulus will not be so large next year from this, but looking ahead, positive growth effect will be there. So it's not like we are done and and no growth effect anymore because even so the money arriving to the development bank, and also which will be allocated to improving the grid system and the whole electricity incentive system. So that's there, and that will improve the growth sound loop, and also that amount of money which was originally spent under the cohesion scene, but now they were allocated here. That means that in the cohesion scene we can spend more, and that will have those effects. So it it might not be a large stimulus next year, but but longer term positive also.

Speaker 1  33:43
Perfect. I have, and now I take. Now we go back to where I was trying to go earlier. We get that big transfer at the end of the year that you know pay temporarily to increase your debt when increasing the debt stock, but you have a huge cash buffer, and how does that affect like your thinking about financing for the 12 months? Well,

Speaker 2  34:10
of course, it could be an approach that we have filed in PDK and the card back issuance activity. But altogether, this is this. At the first time, it's a large amount. It's 9 billion euro, but it actually it's it's it's something like 4.5% of GDP. Take into account that the deficit next year is sizeable, but. AKK has maturity growth of maturity, natural research, especially, and we are in a really shaky global, let's say, global environment, especially regarding the fixed income market. So this morning we woke up on pretty scary numbers. I mean, the tenure, US, so Japan, France. So we should learn new figures or happiness figures. We haven't seen for decades. Personally, I am not sad if the amount of fiscal liquidity hanging is high. So, what we would like to do is to smooth the gross issuance activity over the long term. It's good if you have large manner in it because I told you that for so so you know that that for many years the earlier than that management was about to provide the necessary amount of liquidity for the high deficit. If you have very high deficit to finance, then then you have only a small delivery room in optimising or running that cost. Right now, Hungarian debt is pretty expensive. If you have higher liquidity, then then you can do more optimization. So, all in all, I think that that this will not result in cutting back seriously financing, taking care of all for the markets. We will try to diversify the portfolio, and and we will try to be so we give it to Reza.

Speaker 1  37:07
Maybe I'll give the opportunity for questions from the audience now. If anybody has a question, raise your hand or make some noise. The

Speaker 4  37:32
question maybe some. It's notable that your presentation mentioned joining ERM two at the latest 2028 and joining Euro by 2030. Also, could you comment further on that? And then the second thing is, in terms of the FX reserves and the FX volatility, I think everybody in this room sitting here knows that the reserves are more than half already. When you get the money in December above a quarter of GDP in FX reserves. That's probably top 10 in the world in terms of percent of GDP FX reserves. So why would you not encourage the central bank to be more activist now in trying to bring down your funding costs by reducing FX by 12?

Speaker 2  38:45
Yes, I can confirm that that it's a very, very, very strong commitment. So inflation, the yield material also definitely that undergendary, which requires because you have you should spend at least two years under ERM to fix generalism. That means that in 2028 you should join ERM2. It's also very important from a European point of view that so, based on the experience of previous candidate countries, majority of European graduates has happened by joining the RMP. So the spreads have been compressed somewhere between zero to 100 weeks by then, and this means that there is still rules of the 100 million bonds. So there is a strong firm commitment by fulfilling domestic behaviour of acoustical therapy, which means that that simple mathematicality we should join the IR two latest. Regarding the central bank, there was a clear shift last year. New management arrived. They instantly dropped the previous strategy of pushing the roof to a depreciation trajectory, they emphasise they would like to meet the inflation target looking ahead. They, from time to time, they emphasise that new reduction is mandatory. For that, you should have a lower inflation target somewhere over time, and they started to accumulate epic reserves heavily. This took place this year. They that accumulation of reserves accelerating. I would say that as long as you are not joining the RM, the central bank might prefer, let's say, less tightly managed exchange rate. But they are there, of course. And looking ahead, the strategy should be that they should use their reserves, because that's the way you could moderate the profit on the FX market. Because right now the Hungarian currency is the most volatile currency in the region developed at least twice as high as what was characteristic for the world is looking. From this, in the last lesson, we really recently it started to moderate a bit, but it's still volatile. But the same happened on these income markets. So high yearly annual yields were under very strong high return. By now, they are moving. Let's say their their quality even decreased compared to the Polish market because because the large positive spread disappeared. Now they turn everything, especially at the long end, and and compared to the more the spreads are relatively stable. They drive them down here, but they are in good compact before. And by now, if something strange, unless something strange happened today, that the Hungarian 10-year bond here is closer to the Japan and foreign, so volatility in relative term decreased, margin stabilised, and the same happened on the eurobond market. So compared to our last zero issues in July margin or spread remain roughly grounded plus. So we can see some stabilisation there, and but looking ahead, we should be improved and understand how that is.

Speaker 1  43:26
more in space. One more here from third row on your left.

Speaker 5  43:41
On your left. Tilsa from the West Management Group. Question on during the euro in 2030. The WDP ratio converges criteria seems, at least on the surface, kind of one of the most difficult ones to achieve by that year at least. So how do you respond to that? I mean, you hinted that lower interest costs would move the deficit quite a bit, which is logic. But is that enough, given that there will be some austerity and that recommended already growth may not be all that fast? Would that be enough to get to 60? And if not, what would be more of a range, reasonable range of when you get there?

Speaker 2  44:25
So actually, you should not beat 60. If you have a really decreasing debt trajectory, that's enough for meeting the last decade area. Therefore, under the new fiscal framework, your so the expenditure side rules are much more important. So it's it's more binding constraint than than we get. Actually, looking ahead with with even the front or the front of the fiscal adjustment. So the debt at the end of this year will be 77.5% Actually, this is a significant increase compared to last year, but debt already happened in the first quarter with a very large deficit. So compared to first quarter, the debt to be the ratio being flat until the end of the year. These prices are all new funds which are duplicating in the debt to years. After that, gradual decline could come. But even with the deficit fledged out this week, it won't result in a drastic draw, public inductive debt, unless the government sells some of its assets and it cannot deal without it because the Columbian government are creating assets, which I have to say there are no.

Speaker 1  46:15
Thank you. We're over time, but I would really wanted to ask you this. It's a quick one, quick, quick question, quick, quick reply. I know it's your job to be optimistic

Speaker 2  46:25
and

Speaker 1  46:26
tell the story, but in in all this process that will go over the next four or five years, six, seven, depending on how well it goes. But what is the part that you think will be more difficult? What is the part of this whole process that thinks going to be the biggest challenge?

Speaker 2  46:46
critical part for this year, so because you should pave the way for for the rest of this stuff, and this work is being done between the climate industry, so they they are working on this issue right now. Which can be crucial is that looking ahead in shoots, there are certain type of expenditures of healthcare, education, physical interests, culture. There are a lot of things to Be done, and and how how how you can fit this into the nuclear fiscal framework, and and finally, if if the everything, so it's not clear by when the government would like to join in Europe because working in the last week in about 2030, that there's a very strong outcome. Then you will join in Europe because if you do it a bit earlier, then you can join the eurozone in 2013. That's clear, time because elections in these next elections will be held in 2013. So, so that would be let's say a very optimistic outcome, but the question mark is that the elections increase the responsibility. So this brings some uncertainty into the story, but I think that the really crucial part is this, because because the new government just arrived to the its position, they have to fight for the illuminating. They have to do a budget review because the original plans were about a much much lower budget density, and the heritage was really sad. and And finally, they should do the work for next year and the midterm, and to pay the day in a credible way. So, so I think that that this Europe is crucial. This is, you know, I'm in a small country, but right right now we are enjoying a lot. Potentially, is really high. We have a lot of investments, and this is because this this is.

Speaker 1  49:24
Thanks, Karim. So very clear. So the key challenges are that alongside expenditure cuts, you have also expenditure increase needs in some areas that you need to compensate, and you have an election in 2030. So that brings in certain. So those are important things to watch out for. That's a great finish for us. So a good story with some little bits of uncertainty and challenging here and there. It's been great to have you with us, Gergo. Appreciate it, and I guess we will stay in touch with some frequency over the next few years. Please join me in a round of applause for having

Unknown Speaker  49:58
me. Same name is for.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai