Speaker 1  00:20
Okay. Do

Speaker 2  00:23
you want to start with UMA?

Speaker 1  00:25
Should we start with the Q&A?

Speaker 1  00:27
I think that's one company that we're talking. And let me just start with the with some intro, what's going on in the region, and how is it affecting the overall situation?

Speaker 3  00:48
Hello. Hi. Hey. Nice to meet you. Hey,

Speaker 4  00:52
how are you?

Speaker 3  00:52
Hi. Good. How are you? Yeah. Hello.

Speaker 5  00:56
Good to see you. Yeah. How are you?

Speaker 3  00:57
Good to see you.

Speaker 1  00:58
Good. Okay. Just quick. quick. You're all familiar with what's going on in the in the region and the impact the closure of Strait of Hormuz had on the basically export of oil going into the out of the Strait of Hormuz. The start of disruption began at the late February, and the effectively, I would say, from March, Etihad has immediately established alternative routes in terms of securing the continuity of the raw material, of course, safety came first when it comes to our employees and to ensure the overall operation continues smoothly. Re-establishment of these routes, some of these routes that even they talk about today, but some of them, the first experiments were done with the with shipments going out of Bihad, especially when we have reached, for example, the Egypt, and we went to Saudi, went to continue the, I would say, supply to Jordan and to to establish establishing connections with Iraq and doing so. What proved to be in terms of the requirement is how resilient I would say the overall, on the macro level, the country is in terms of how quick they were able to address the challenge and the type of actions.

Speaker 3  02:47
Hello, hi,

Speaker 1  02:52
Zahi. And the type of action that that was was done in terms of the establishment of Fujera Port, opening of Depa Port and doing a an immediate what we call it a green connection between all of these port. What does it mean? It means that the material will arrive to Jeddah, but the actual transiting will directly move the material from Jeddah, and you will do all the clearance efforts in in Abu Dhabi. Establishing all of that enabled the Tihan to continue its operation to secure its market share within the local community. But it came, of course, at a at a cost of certain export that we had to let go. Not because the export is no more there, but because the prices, when it comes to the continualized good, became extremely higher, and which put us at the at a non-competitive advantage in terms of continuing our sale in in paper in this.

Speaker 2  04:07
So just to continue on this, so in the consumer goods we used to sell like around 20% of the paper volumes to the U.S. Okay, now it's around 9% It came down to 9% and we redirected these sales into the region. So, if you look at page seven in the presentation, this is our export by geography. The consumer goods used to 15% of the consumer goods came down in the North America, came down to 9% and on the other hand, the consumer has increased its beta from the UAE and the region from 17 to 28% in UAE, and it maintained its 50% share in the MENA region. So the the sails have been redirected successfully into the region.

Speaker 3  05:08
And Africa is mainly Egypt because we can reach through barges across the Red Sea from Saudi Arabia to Egypt. You know the truck goes on the barge and it crosses the Red Sea, so it's kind of like a land freight solution. The

Speaker 1  05:26
rule of the game: you need to reduce the double handling of your product. So the minute it goes on a truck, the truck continues on operating from door to door from from UAE all the way to my customer to my customer in in Egypt.

Speaker 3  05:40
But obviously, we lost like Algeria, Morocco, and the North African. The rest of the market is North Africa is is not feasible on on this basis. Only Egypt was was a solution.

Speaker 1  05:54
So that being said, if you look at page number four, you will see that the performance of the company is at the Hal. despite these challenges, had witnessed a growth in terms of our sale, and we have H1 recorded at 1.96 in terms of our revenue. Our EBITDA also grew to 113.9 growth in terms of around 37, 37.4% Now, this growth came not only by one factor. Definitely, the our competitor, our competitors bringing in products into the region because it's a continualized product. They have to suffer higher logistic cost and higher insurance costs and etc. which have improved our margin, plus the volume that continued to be healthy in the region, okay, despite the the situation because you have demand that cannot be good today satisfied, continued to to be there, especially when it comes to the building material and in terms of tissue and copper, in terms of the consumption consumption for that. So we didn't have a problem on the volume. We had a price improvement, which improved improved our margin, and which put us at also at an advantage in terms of securing extra market share within within our region. If you recall, when we have presented it, we said it's by design that we we decided that 70 percent of our revenue needs to be generated by export. However, the regional market is capable enough to secure for us our continuity, but we opted for reaching Geographical diversification that enabled us today to reroute all our our goods, and there is no dependence on a single market. So we immediately reroute our goods, improve our marketing our market share within within the regions that we are serving, and benefit as well from the improvements that has has been done when it comes to the price and.

Speaker 6  08:04
ask about the going back to the logistics? Obviously, you touched upon the exports and rerouting the finished product, but receiving the feedstock. Yeah, because that's that's

Speaker 1  08:15
the that's the beauty of it. Because because of your our volume, most of our raw material is not imported in terms of containerized. Remember, the majority of the problem that that hits the the area was in containerized good, because you need to reroute like companies like Costco, MSC, CMA, and and these these ships comes with a massive amount of load coming from Asia. They use the Jabal Ali and Khalifa port as a hub, where they do the transshipments over there, and they will continue. So now they have rerouted their shipments, making the it was very difficult for them to substitute that location in Jabal Ali and Khalifa by by utilising the Kujira port because of the congestion, so there is enormous amount of rerouting. Sometimes they are using India as as a port. Some sometimes they are using Jeddah as an alternative port. So the containerized goods had a problem, but because we are bringing in bulk bulk shipments, so we are bringing in in small barges, and these are individually or not like big companies, etc. So it's easier to negotiate. Number one, it's easier to compensate when it comes to the longer waiting time. Okay, and we secure all our material without a massive impact in terms of the cost of bringing in the raw material. So if you if you think of the same tonne as bulb, bringing it in a container versus bringing it bulk, you have immediate price advantage over your competitor.

Speaker 6  09:49
You you you can ship because I I thought like palpal goes in in containers. No no no no bulk bulk bulb is the

Speaker 1  09:55
most important. It's both. It's both. Okay, but because the Brazilians

Speaker 6  09:59
ship in containers, they do

Speaker 1  10:01
ship in containers, but they do ship in bulk as well. Really? Okay. So the the bulk shipment depends on the volume.

Speaker 6  10:08
Ah, okay. So smaller volumes can smaller volumes,

Speaker 1  10:10
like when you order a 2020 tonne, how would you get your bulk? Yeah. But because the ship comes with 60,000 tonne or 40,000 tonne fully loaded for

Speaker 6  10:19
us,

Speaker 1  10:20
so we're at advantage today because because of our consumption. So we're bringing in our raw material in terms of bulk, be it even in copper or in pulp and and even the slag. Okay, so we are at an advantage, and we have more possibilities in terms of usage in terms of the port. Okay, and remember when you bring in the non-containerized good, you don't have the the trouble of what you're gonna do with the empty container and where you're gonna deliver this empty container to the shipping line, which port they will assign for you, and and this extra cost in terms of handling. So you bring in the bulb. Pulp doesn't matter where you store it; you just throw the. So so it's it's a the impact. It's a very it's easier material. Yeah,

Speaker 3  11:04
the impact of congestion and of containerized shipments, and the impact of the long lead time needed for the container to move from port of Fujira into Jabal Ali to clear the goods and then move to the factory. That that that long lead time resulted in increased cost, and also the the export. Given that the export is no longer attractive at these prices, so containers have to go back empty. Which means when you import material with the container, they they charge you both ways, so it's like you're buying a two-way ticket, but you're only flying with

Speaker 4  11:47
one leg.

Speaker 3  11:47
So this is the challenge, and and and the impact on us from this congestion is really the export on of the printing and writing, because paper cannot be exported except in containerized

Speaker 6  12:00
chips.

Speaker 3  12:01
But but it's not. do

Speaker 7  12:04
you bring the goods, the raw materials, in which to which kind of there is there

Speaker 1  12:08
is if you look into the same page that Elast was saying on page number seven, you will see what we have described for these alternative routes now, so you see the alternative routes actively bypassing this rate of Hormuz, so we are out of the Strait of Hormuz in terms of Reza, Fakan, and Dipa, and these three ports are in UAE. So we have three different alternatives. If you remember, when we have when we discussed about our bond in the start, and we're talking about the logistics and and being in the UAE, that within 150 radius. I am served by all of these ports that are coming within that region. That's where it comes to play today. So you will see that the immediately you have rerouted from utilising Jabal Ali and and Khalifa port, and now I am I am shipping through three different ports: Fujira, Kan, Depa, which are there in the in the UAE, and also I'm using the Sahar and Jeddah in the Saudi Arabia, and my products start to flow out of the UAE on track, distributed all across the the region, reaching also also to Egypt and to and to Africa.

Speaker 7  13:18
How much has it added in the course rerouting this using auto?

Speaker 1  13:23
whatever cost it it came in terms of depends on the product by product, but whatever cost that is there, it's immediately covered as a pass through, and it's immediately covered by the increase in terms of the price because my competitor has to bring in the product as a finished good, so he has to bring it materialised. So, so the margin that that went up within the region is much higher in compare compared to the actual cost that I'm paying in terms of difference of raw material.

Speaker 3  13:53
And also imports of competitive products to what we sell is also closed. So let me give you an example today. Let's take Saudi Arabia. Saudi Arabia used to import around 40,000 tonne per annum of finished goods in

Speaker 6  14:14
tissue,

Speaker 3  14:15
tissue finished goods like fascination, toilet paper, kitchener, etc. Today, why? Because these goods come in containerized shipments, so today they cannot come to the market. So this, you know, shortage of availability of finished goods through imports puts local manufacturers at a very strong advantage, and and also puts us at a stage where we can. Obviously, we are the strongest player in in the region in terms of consumer goods. So most of the other manufacturers they coordinate with us in terms of where you know next month prices should be set. So we we are price status basically for most of these goods today because there's no alternative in the market to local producers.

Speaker 4  15:09
If if I take a bit of a step back in your the the difference between the first of 2025 and 2026 EBITDA number. I'm just trying to get a sense. So you essentially you have got two main products, right? Pulp in terms of the importer for material, copper and then paper, right? For both of those products, essentially you have rerouted, and the volume hasn't changed. I'm guessing the volume is still the same, or is there?

Speaker 3  15:44
It's almost the same. I would say slightly lower. Slightly lower. Yes.

Speaker 4  15:49
So,

Speaker 3  15:49
but higher margins.

Speaker 4  15:50
But higher margins. So the increase in EBITDA, and we kind of have to because there you have like within that first half number you have got two months. Yeah. Yeah. So within that first half number, there is two months of normal operation, and then basically four months of that. So overall, between as a result of the war, your volume and price impact. What would it be like on an ongoing basis? Like, what are you expecting your EBITDA? Is it positive for you or negative? Like, if the state remains closed,

Speaker 3  16:36
it's you know as you we get to the slide of contribution by by business it's different from one business to another. So let's say if we take the chemicals, the tissue, the copper. So long that the strait is closed, these companies are benefiting from a price advantage of finished. But is

Speaker 4  17:01
it is could there be like a inventory aspect of it where you have the inventory and that's why you're benefiting or yeah we

Speaker 3  17:07
have the inventory and we benefited of course the new the the copper is is a pass through we don't have stuff so it's already month by month of procurement now

Speaker 4  17:22
but the copper is coming through, so you are not having an issue. No, we are not having an

Speaker 3  17:25
issue. The only the only thing is, I would say that yes, importing in bulk shipments and timing of let's say arrival of goods is not always today in our control, so we need to take what we have. That means the timing. I cannot say no. Let me take less quantity this month. Push it for the next month. No, I will have to front load. Yeah, you can't optimise as much as you could before. That's why I'm saying this so we can cover a bit of the coming slides when we talk about the free cash flow, right? The free cash flow is a change in working capital because I have to take what I can get in terms of copper cathode. It happened to be larger import size because I need to cover till my next arrival of shipment, so I will take it. I have no option, right? I need to take it. So, in terms of copper, the effect of you know stocking is is is or what you see is what is going to continue until the state of tobacco. When it comes to pal, we had the benefit of a large stock of pal at the start of the conflict. This is a result of different reasons. One of which is that the tissue mill in Saudi Arabia was going to be up and running in quarter two, so we procured in anticipation of you know the commissioning, testing commissioning, and the raw material needed to operate. We actually got a very nice price because of the volume, and we took that quantity end of last year, with delivery also in Jan and Feld, so all of that stock is is still part of it. Is still there. There are new additional quantities which were added through the last nine months or or seven month of the conflict, but the average cost remains to be competitive as of now. It's gonna depend on you know the next phase or the next let's say up until September we're still roughly on the same run rate. We will probably have a slight compression in the paper business as we feed in the new stock at slightly higher prices. So that's going to be averaging on this way, you know, slightly up. But now we've shifted from, in terms of pulp strategy, we shifted from the higher stock to basically make to order, and and that's again, I mean, because of the incremental cost, we don't we don't need to stock right now for the longer term. I trust you still anticipate that this will somehow normalise within the next few years. So, so, so,

Speaker 4  20:45
so paper basically a bit of compression in margin, but because of the change of composition, maybe it will be mitigated. Yes, but maybe there's still a bit of compression margin and chemicals.

Speaker 1  20:58
No, but it's compensated by the improvement that you have with the tissue, so we need to. Okay. Oh, so both for the whole segment combined. Yeah. Yeah. But there is also the tissue business. Yeah. So and and also detergents.

Speaker 4  21:13
Right.

Speaker 1  21:14
Okay. So if you look into the consumer goods, you will see that it was still positive in terms of its contribution towards the improvement in terms of EBITDA. That's how we went from 83. But that's an inventory impact as well. Yeah, but I'm saying like that's that's why the sector itself, in comparison, continued to operate similar to what it used to to be in the in the past, and it's expected to to remain within within the same level because the chemical continues to be positive. Chemical is organic,

Speaker 3  21:41
you know, driving the growth plus the tissue offsetting most of the paper. Because

Speaker 1  21:49
chemical today, some lots of our raw material is also produced in Saudi Arabia, so the Saudis doesn't have possibility for them to export. So we can secure our material, so we can get the feedstock, and also there was feedstock available in Qatar, so we were able to to buy to buy the feedstock that that's coming within the region.

Speaker 4  22:07
On your warehouses are there in Jabal Ali, or where the warehouses? Our

Speaker 1  22:12
warehouses are within the within our operation within the setup itself. So we have it all in in UAE in Abu Dhabi, and we do have presence in Jabal Ali only for the for the Timber.

Speaker 4  22:22
do do you think you can get some discounts because in Jabal Ali and so on, or because now that is irrelevant, a small amount. Okay, but if you look,

Speaker 1  22:33
which is also very important for you to look into the contribution coming out from the building material, because building material, the improvement in terms of pricing and the modern had started way in back in 2025, and this continues because you have a backlog of projects that needs to be delivered, which gives you enough demand requirement for the upcoming three years down the road. So we have demand because the all the units that has already been published by by the real estate companies and commercial units that are being currently built. All of these units needs to be delivered, and the delivery comes in 2026, 2027, 2028. So, for them to secure the income that they need, they need to to complete these projects. We're talking about projects that are there sold in the pipeline. We're not talking about new new projects. At the same time, the the conflict has created for you a new venues in terms of opportunities, because now the government has to invest a lot in terms of the into in the infrastructure. So there is a huge project coming up now for water desalination. There is water reservoirs that are coming up, new networks for roads, the expansion in terms of the railway, new port coming up in in Kujara, the expansion, the the rapid expansion in terms of building up further securities associated around the petrochemical industries, moving all the data centres now from above ground underground, and and all of these requirements have put also further pressure on the on building material, and it continues to to give you a healthy demand. Yeah, so it's not so diverse. So we're expecting even if the real estate provides a certain connection, which which will be there, like a certain slowdown, the increase in terms of the infrastructure requirements is is very normal. In the past, we were not that much of dependent in terms of the air shipments and the air cargo and bringing in all of that. If you've seen during the conflict, you've heard that, for example, Al Ain Port became extremely busy in terms of bringing in the cargo. Now they're talking about expanding the air cargo for all have the capability to ship everything in terms of fresh, fresh food products and and any pharmaceuticals and healthcare requirement all through the air, so they're doing lots of contingencies, and all of this demands a bigger project. And most of these are typically cement, steel, and copper dominant. We're not talking about lavish facilities. We talk about big tunnels, big requirements, and with

Speaker 6  25:22
IBM, apart from copper, what what else? Cement

Speaker 1  25:27
and steel.

Speaker 6  25:27
You do cement and steel. We

Speaker 1  25:29
do cement grinding facility for pump and cement and for slag.

Speaker 6  25:34
Since the beginning. Since the beginning. Since the beginning. We have a 2 million tonne

Speaker 1  25:39
of grinding facility in terms of the cement, but in the past, the contribution because of the because of the slope and and the capacities that are available within the region, we had about 20 million tonne of capacity within within UAE. The utilisation was was not to the to the high, but now we're fully utilised, and above that, the margins are improving. The same thing has happened with the steel. The steel steel, it was competitive. You have emerald steel, you have local production of the steel, and you have availability in Oman, but a number of steel producers. Now, the steel is in a bigger requirements and bigger demand.

Speaker 6  26:17
And you do long steels, or we

Speaker 1  26:18
do we do we do cut and bend. We do cut-up bend, wire mesh. We buy the steel from the from the from the and what we do. We do the cutting and the cutting and same with recovery.

Speaker 6  26:30
It's a kind of curling, so you do steel and yes,

Speaker 1  26:32
correct. And we do the wire mesh and we do a little bit of wire drawing, where we buy, for example, the 12 mm, and we draw it down to 8 mm, and etc. And we use it for our for the wire mesh production, especially to supply precast precast facility and rapid housing units. So this, for example, this here you will see that the steel alone is contributing significantly within the operation because of the way that that we are running our business. So yes, there had been a disruption. I don't want to say that it was a like the disruption that has happened yielded a positive result, but I would say that it had managed to to weather that storm and put us in terms of an advantage in terms of the way that we have handled this situation. That will only reflect for you how resilient is the group and and the ability of the team to think outside the box of different different solutions to to reroute all of these volumes. Remember, we're talking about massive amount of volumes that that needs to be implemented. So, all the infrastructure that we have built within the group, all the procedural issues that that is there came into play, and proved to be to yielding the success. The diversification, sorry, the diversification itself, you will see it at at its best best play. You will see variations between different different pillars, how they are contributing. You will see the diversification that we have implemented in terms of the geographical nature of the of the group, the way that we are handling efficiencies within that, and anticipation of an issue. Like while everyone was looking what's happening all around, the second day that the the problem has happened, the management has already convened within within the group and identified alternative route before even the closure of the the strike, because we're expecting like what would happen? What's the worst? What we can do? How? What's the security of our product? How we can ensure the continuity of, in terms of our shipments? Where are the shipments that are available? Call all our customers. Ensure that our customers are very well informed about our status. We even came to the market, I think, and after how many days we went to the market immediately to give a brief about the situation. Immediately, Mark, we were advising you all in terms of what what's the status and the impact.

Speaker 7  28:57
Can I just talk about your working capital dynamics, and then the free cash flow burn in the first half. So, can you walk us through kind of the full year or the second half in terms of your expectations? How do you get from EBITDA down to free cash flow?

Speaker 3  29:18
Yeah. What

Speaker 7  29:19
sort of reversals do you expect on working capital?

Speaker 3  29:22
Yeah, sure. I mean, look, it's this is what I want to hint at earlier. So this negative change in working capital is what affected the free cash flow. So basically, the timing of arrival of material, with particularly copper. Okay, so copper because of the high value, the high prices copper is trading at right now, which is close to $15,000 a tonne, is affecting you know the timing affects the change in working capital. So I don't think we will have the same scenario at the end of the year. This will mostly normalise, and I would say it's a function of the strait. If it opens back. It normalises. Then this will totally reverse. If we are still in the current state scope, it will partially reverse. So we will certainly end the year with a positive free cash flow. Hopefully, as long as you know, let's say we don't have, we are not heading into a worst scenario than where we are today. It's difficult to predict as of now. You know what will be the stock at the end of the year, but of course we have scheduled shipments. and if we need to take you know drastic measures at the end of the year because of certain event that we cannot foresee today, maybe we will we will be neutral, but definitely we will not be negative by end of the year.

Speaker 2  31:20
Our cash conversion cycle is still very healthy. If you look into page 10, okay, it's 23 days, which is more or less between the range of 2023 to 2025. The reason for that is as I expected, because we're stocking let's say the DIO of the copper is a bit higher than normal. So it used to be 2025 days. Now we are at 40 days of copper inventory. I would say

Speaker 3  31:45
I would say not longer, but more volatile. So before we had control in terms of you know scheduled shipments coming in, we scheduled the shipment month by month. Today we cannot. If we have the option to stock today, we'll have to take it. And one one important thing is, you know, when you see the the copper stock on our books, this is already sold. Like we don't stock copper. Remember, we have the consignment agreement with Glencore, so so the stock comes on our books when it's actually already sold. So whatever you see in terms of raw material or finished goods, these are either orders that are already made on their way to to deliver to the client, or stock that is yet to be produced, but already ordered by the client. So that's that's the

Speaker 2  32:45
and also one one last factor is of very important factor is the growth in revenues. We have a growth in revenues of 17 percent. So it's just natural to invest in working capital, right? The receiver will go up, the inventory will go up, and and this is as a result of. I

Speaker 4  33:05
ask a quick accounting question? The RMI is is that the value that you get for the RMI? Is that a theoretical number, or that's what you might have contracted? So it's like leisure contracted. Exactly the same. Basically,

Speaker 3  33:21
either cathode or rod. If it's produced, it's already rot, and it's waiting to be delivered to to the client. So it's being loaded on a ship. It's still our inventory. Only when it reaches the client and they sign the delivery note, that's when the goods are moved from inventory to revenue. Yes, so so so basically, that's why it's it's liquid. It's it can be liquidated or it will be liquidated any time. These are backed by orders and backed by LC instruments, so the client does not even need to sign any single paper to confirm like the goods. The goods are under LC. The minute we have the delivery note, we get we collect the money from the bank.

Speaker 6  34:19
You typically get like what 2% on on the tolling of copper to what kind of margin you if you can

Speaker 3  34:27
yes around 30% I mean

Speaker 1  34:31
it all change it all basically change from type of products that we are producing but if you talk about rod and depending on the on on the customer and and the size of his long-term long-term in terms of that. Now we're talking anywhere between 300 to 400 dollars. Is there? Yeah, as a fixing open and above the the prices of the of the car. Yeah,

Speaker 6  34:55
totally.

Speaker 1  34:56
But in some cases, it's reaching now 500, 500 for a shorter,

Speaker 6  35:00
like a bit more of a spot.

Speaker 1  35:01
More more of a spot and more of the requirements in terms of the availability. Remember, most of the people now within the region they opt not to buy copper anymore from from anywhere else because they don't know how long is the waiting time, and then the exposure that they will take on the on the copper will prolong the duration. So if you're bringing copper, for example, by by by a container, let alone the extra cost of the container and all of that, but the material inside it, you don't know when you are going to to be delivered. You don't have fixing on the date for delivery and how much is the congestion of the port for them to offload for you the container, which puts you at a much much more higher risk. So what they are doing now, they accept even to pay the UCR an extra premium just to secure their product because we are we can reach anywhere within the region in less than three days.

Speaker 3  35:54
Yeah. So the key message, the key takeaway that we would like you to remember out of this meeting, first of all, copper rods are not coming to the region. Tissue, paper, finished goods not coming to the region. So everything that is locally produced is what's available to the consumer. So that's why rod premiums are higher. That's why tissue and even printing and writing margins are extremely good. Now the problem is the volume because of the lost volume from the sales to U.S. That's why our margins are thinner. But in fact, what we are making as a margin on our paper products in the region is tough. Let me just conscious of the time. I want to cover the outlook a little bit. So, I want to just reinforce our strategy when it comes to the consumer goods segment. If you we skip page eight, but it shows the effects of diversification, the efficiency and the effectiveness of the portfolio diversification, and how different scenarios, macroeconomic, geopolitical scenarios, are yielding different contributions from from the segments and the businesses. So that's the beauty of of the the diversification, but nevertheless, I want to go back and say that consumer goods remains our core business, our core contributor in the future, and our strategy to penetrate the B 2c. is is based on a gap that we see in the market today, and because of the effects of, I would say, the trend of deglobalization, the trend of protectionism, the far right taking control of different markets, leading to more sort of focus on make America great again, or Italy first, or UK first, or whatever. Okay, this means that globalised brands are no longer going to be competitive in that model. So we need to focus on our region, and we need to have our own grand and strong footing in in the region. That's the strategy. How do we get there? It's multiple steps. What changed for us is not the strategy, but the steps needed to achieve that strategy. Because of the current circumstances, we are going to start with step one, and you will see it hopefully by before end of the year, at the latest early next year. There will be two announcements that will come out related to the market consolidation, which is step one. So what we're doing is we're going to have consolidation at the manufacturers' level. First would be UAE, second is the regional. Once these two transactions are completed, we will be controlling around 60 percent of the tissue market in the entire MENA region in terms of capacity, in terms of, let's say, market size. Once this is complete, we are moving to step two. Actually, they're moving in parallel and acquiring or expanding our converting capacity. When we say converting, it means when we sell the tissue jumbo roll to converters, they take it, they cut it and package it, and it becomes an end product, right? So the tissue box, the kitchen roll itself, comes from the jumbo roll. We sell the jumbo roll, they convert it and do the finished goods. So we are expanding. We have number of transactions on on in the space of converting, the good news for all of us. Okay, the capital, the intensive capital commitments needed for the manufacturing is all done. So the next phase of Etihad will not require heavy capital spending. It will move and it will shift into marketing, branding, and other or M&A of of even the B2C. But as of now, step one Jamboro M&A will happen this year, early next year, converting as well. Then step two will be introducing the the B2C segment, and B2C will not be introduced the the strength of it. Why do we say we have we are the best position to do this because of consumer goods? We already have tissue and paper, and we have the chemicals, raw material for personal care and home care products. So all we need to do is introduce the ultimate brands related to the consumer goods, be it personal care, home care, or hygiene. We already started the expansion into hygiene in the kingdom of Saudi Arabia,

Speaker 6  41:22
does it mean you? So currently, you have like you deliver into Henkel or whoever. Yes. So, but is it going to be terminated because you're going to be competing with them?

Speaker 3  41:30
Well, yes. I would say we will be terminated. I would be cautious about saying this because the manufacturing or the manufacturer, which is the chemicals business, may not be part of the entity that will introduce the branding. You will have. I cannot. I will not. I cannot say more details. But today we have a

Speaker 1  41:59
jump facility, and we have it converting called MPI, where we are doing the converting product. You will see that this is managed independently, and we are still selling to to different compactors, and we are selling to our to our own unit.

Speaker 6  42:14
So the the the

Speaker 1  42:14
model is there if it's if it's managed properly, that you can still secure the supply, because whenever whatever you are competing with Henkel is not the same that you are going to compete in your own brand. So the type of products, the market segments that you have. Okay, so you kind of divide the market. Yeah, so there is there is a lot of strategy when it comes that you will not lose a company like Henkel, PMG, and etc. Because you're not directly coming there to take from their market share, you're coming to a different segment, which is basically extremely divided and and it will take

Speaker 3  42:49
time for us to reach to the premium brand. The last thing we would put in the market is the premium brand.

Speaker 6  42:55
Yeah,

Speaker 3  42:56
we will start with the fighter brands. Why? Because of if you look at the region. 60 percent, or more than 60 percent, of the Saudi consumption, for example, which is the largest in the region, is on fighter brands, on low cost.

Speaker 1  43:11
It's on hypermarket brands, like like for example. It's low

Speaker 3  43:15
income. It's a low income segment that is that has the biggest.

Speaker 1  43:20
Look within the tissues. How much you have consumption in terms of the branded product that you will see compared to what we call away from home and bulk and no name basis like white labour, the ones that you're using now in the toilet. Let's say it's white labour. The one used in the in restaurants, the one used in airlines, and etc. So your contribution in terms of the bulk to to supply facility management companies and all of that. That's your market entrant. That's where you feed the volume, and then you slowly grow into yield data. And

Speaker 4  43:49
the acquisition is we are still. I mean, last time we discussed, you were thinking 25, 30 percent EBITDA increase potentially debt neutral transaction. Is that still that's one one of them one of them and for the other debt

Speaker 3  44:05
neutral yeah or actually yeah even that neutral would with I would say resumption of deleveraging starting next year once are not

Speaker 4  44:17
immediately debt neutral you have to cut down debt later on

Speaker 3  44:20
we no no we will be that neutral in the short term,

Speaker 4  44:24
okay.

Speaker 3  44:24
But we will start again further deleveraging as Irvita grows, as a result of synergies and consolidation.

Speaker 4  44:33
Okay.

Speaker 3  44:34
So from next year onwards, you will see another round of deleveraging. I would say gradually. But

Speaker 4  44:44
post both acquisition, you expect the overall EBITDA to be like the overall size of the company to be how much bigger or was the expectation?

Speaker 1  44:55
I don't think we can by by

Speaker 3  44:58
at least. As in just trying to get a sense of like, are you being a double the size of the company? Yeah,

Speaker 1  45:09
I think you have already got it from the market share when we're saying we're going from a 25 30% Yeah, but you but then you said a

Speaker 4  45:16
one transaction, so that's why I was like into

Speaker 3  45:18
okay. You can assume 30% Right.

Speaker 4  45:23
Okay. Fine.

Speaker 7  45:24
And what's the size of the M and A?

Speaker 6  45:31
We need market funding. Okay. One one of

Speaker 3  45:33
them is a private transaction. It's not a sizable one. It's 100 100 $15 million, Roughly, the second one is is not an acquisition. It's something else.

Speaker 1  45:55
It's the other one. But the

Speaker 4  46:00
timeline has there been any delays of the timeline that you had in mind, or there's carrying on progressing as a bit of delays

Speaker 3  46:08
as a result of the complexity of the ownership of one of them. Okay. So it's a fragmented ownership of 82 shareholders, and that was a that's a pain to actually legally, you know, execute the transaction, but I still think we have hopefully a way out by by the end of this. I would say the coming quarter, maybe November December is the time, and the second transaction is progressing in parallel, so the second transaction will have a major announcement because it's because of its size and the implications on on the target as well. So second

Speaker 6  46:54
is more region member versus more local. And will you need little market funding? Will you really see you in the market?

Speaker 3  47:00
You will see us. I wouldn't say for additional. You know, I I don't think there will be an additional requirement soon, but you will see us for technical reasons, like possibly like consent, consent related to certain certain structuring of the Islamic side of the sukuk, like the Islamic assets. We need to redesign a bit because the second transaction is impactful and sizeable. So we need certain adjustments. We're only about maybe one and a half months away from the announcement. So when it comes when it's in public, you will see exactly what we mean. So, but it's small, small requirements.

Speaker 6  47:58
But how would you even for 115 million? I mean, how do you fund it from from the existing cash?

Speaker 3  48:04
We have so we we have we have a bridge in place which we put in a bridge, and and we also have multiple repayment sources. It could be the first option could be from the second transaction itself. So there'll be There will be an upstreaming of dividends prior to the transaction, which will pay down.

Speaker 8  48:28
Okay.

Speaker 3  48:29
So, but all options are still not finalised. So we will get to that soon.

Speaker 1  48:38
Definitely, that will put the help completely at a different level. one one

Speaker 3  48:45
question, maybe to all of you? If if like, would you have an issue if we in in the strategy we have to move to conventional rather than Islamic?

Speaker 4  48:59
No, I wouldn't.

Speaker 7  49:01
Usually, you get premium for conventional structure versus hooks.

Speaker 3  49:10
Yeah, I mean, depends on the yeah. Yeah, but but I'm

Speaker 4  49:17
but I'm not sure as to whether this room is probably the best representation of the suku holder, so that's that's the question. The question

Speaker 3  49:25
that we should be having.

Speaker 4  49:35
Exactly, we should have said we would have an issue unless we pay a significant.

Speaker 1  49:43
But that will be circumvented with nice feeling. Yeah,

Speaker 4  49:48
I mean, on the on the constant solicitation and so on, I would just request you that when you come in and say, just make it super clear that it's not immediately people don't see it as a negative thing because that would be the first temptation. Because there are a few constant solicitation going on, where it's kind of like leverage. They're trying to calculate in different ways. So just make it super clear. Of course. Yeah. So it will

Speaker 3  50:13
happen only after the announcement. So it will be clear why to do this, right? It's not a. That's why I said it's it's sort of technical, not not because you know the

Speaker 1  50:24
announcement and you know exactly what we are doing. Yeah, sure. It's not credit related.

Speaker 2  50:29
Yeah, not credit related. Can

Speaker 7  50:30
you ask about the second transaction? So how is it going to be funded? Is that not very clear? Yes, there

Speaker 3  50:36
there is no funding requirement for

Speaker 7  50:39
it. Yes, but are you using your internal cash?

Speaker 3  50:50
Well, maybe I can I can at least give you hints. All right. So look, it's it's it's a merger, not a not an acquisition.

Speaker 6  50:59
Asset injection or chef's. No.

Speaker 7  51:01
But the Reza

Speaker 3  51:04
Yes. Yes. And the result of the merger is is gonna be cash positive to it. That's why the first transaction would be deleveraged from from the merger

Speaker 4  51:15
of the industry.

Speaker 1  51:17
Okay. Good. Thank you.

Speaker 6  51:19
Thank you. Welcome. I actually one question this the Saudi tissue plant What


Transcribed by https://otter.ai