Speaker 1  00:00
She said, "Look, Hardy, you know I like those people very much, but please tell them that I have this car to show for my interactions with them.

Speaker 2  00:09
That's perfect. But maybe yeah, plans for her replacement or what?

Speaker 1  00:14
Look, I mean, we we went through a rigorous process to land on on fires. You know, I don't want to speak out of school in terms of

Speaker 2  00:24
what the

Speaker 1  00:25
board, you know, is going to do. I'm, I'm, I'm very comfortable that I have have somebody that I can work with long term. So, but, but obviously we we have to we have to be mindful of just how we sequence, you know, sequence this and just the handover takeover is already needed to be seamless, and so we've had a very good period of both of them being available and working together and making sure that fires gets gets embedded into the

Speaker 2  00:56
system. So, Paul, it's nice to meet you. So, you're the new CFO. Yeah, currently I'm the interim CFO, but yes, hopefully. Okay.

Speaker 1  01:02
Yeah. What's to do first? He's got, you know, don't you know? I'm calling him interim so that he works hard.

Speaker 3  01:12
Yeah. I'm getting excited. Maybe you know something I don't. And I blamed you guys. I said, look, those guys

Speaker 1  01:19
like people to be injured first, and then when they show that they are generating cash, that's right. Become permanent, right? So hopefully, please support me on that endeavour. But you know, so yeah, I mean, Lorraine really very very much, you know, she spent a lengthy part of her career with the group. She's, you know, decided that she's she hasn't gone to another player or anything. She's said that she wants to take a bit of time off to really maybe even write a book. All right. Yeah, it could be a story about refinancing about in emerging markets just before a big war.

Speaker 2  02:07
Yeah, yeah. No, another task.

Speaker 4  02:16
So since we're talking on the free cash flow, like like it's been a few quarters rezoning specials. So how sustainable do you think that is? Because capital is coming down, etc. So what is the outlook for the next six to 12 months?

Speaker 5  02:36
Shall I take that? It would be unfair to I think if I asked to take

Speaker 1  02:39
it. You know, so look, I think what we say to Fayaz is that today he has the benefit of Mark and I fielding a lot of his questions, but that's about all that's going to happen. Next one, you know, he comes along. Absolutely, I'm going to

Speaker 5  02:57
stop giving you a boring answer. We don't provide forward-looking guidance, obviously, with the exception of some some views on on capex. But if I can give you some very high-level thoughts, obviously we generate in the region of about 300 million of EBITDA each year. High level of conversion of that into to cash. We would anticipate some local currency growth at the moment. FX is moving in our favour. We'll see how that evolves over the remainder of the year. So we would expect some underlying growth in in EBITDA, working capital. One of the the largest swing items within within cash flow for us. Historically, we've had some large outflows, predominantly driven by FX movements. So we've looked to counter those with prepayments, for example. Don't expect that sort of impact this year, but we would still anticipate some outflow, given the fact that the business is is growing strongly. You know, given 10% revenue growth, I wouldn't be surprised if you saw a similar, comparable level of outflow in working capital, given that good growth in revenue, not in absolute terms, but as a percentage. Capex we've guided to this year as 60 to 70 million over the course of the year. The last couple of years, we've come in below that by decent margin. We'll stick with our guidance, but I think there's certainly risk to the downside rather than the upside on that 60 to 70 million. Finance costs, we would expect them to be lower this year. Obviously, given the term loans have quite significant grace periods, our finance costs will be largely limited to to the bond, which will be about 30, just over 30 million this this year. Lease costs they've grown, which is largely due to the ECG contract in in South Africa. They were sort of around the 80 million mark last year. We do have the sale and lease back in in Zimbabwe, so there will be some incremental lease cash costs. So I expect that to grow ever so slightly as well.

Speaker 2  05:11
Excuse me, is it 18 or 8080? 80

Speaker 5  05:13
or yeah, yeah. And then tax is largely a function of the profitability, high level of profitability in Zimbabwe. We had a very good year last year, so you know, look at look at last year's Zim Evidar and the tax, and you can get a good guide on on what the tax cost would be for the current year. So they're the the big line items in in the cash base. So hopefully that gives you a good view of our expectations.

Speaker 4  05:43
So, could you remind me? So, like during the refinancing, like so there was equity injection, and at the end, because there was some time timing delay, so there was some sales and leaseback. I think there was temporary. Just how is that going to reverse in future? Is it going to reverse in the future?

Speaker 1  06:04
Which which one?

Speaker 4  06:05
I don't because there are several. There were a lot of moving parts. I mean, part of it is like temporarily going to bridge it with a sales and leaseback. So the sales

Speaker 1  06:16
and leaseback is it's. I mean that's happened. Yeah. It's you know within the broader group we've got a mobile telephony group in Zimbabwe which which is a big buyer of capacity from Liquid in Zimbabwe so we did a certain inspection there so that's happened and that's that's what happened carry on for the you know for the period the outflow from that is very small. It's like $2 every quarter. So you know, compared to what we generate in Zim, it's insignificant. On the equity side, if you remember, we sold an asset. Well, we didn't really sell an asset. We sold an interest in our data centres business, and that led to the injection of equity into this perimeter. So that did two things: it got fresh equity to come into the perimeter, which allowed us to deliverage. But it also paid down a significant portion of the intercompany that was there between the data centres, business, and liquid? So those two are none. Those are not repeatable. They were they were purely event driven in the sense that they were targeted at getting us to a level of debt that we felt the market would accept for what we thought was going to be a very challenging refinancing going forward. The underlying business has always been healthy. It's just this, you know, the debt piece, and and the news around it towards the end, you know, was unhelpful with the with the rating agencies and all of that, but we're now back on. You know, if you look at where we where we end up on gross debt, about $880 million is what we reported for q1 of gross debt, including that includes lease liabilities, and you know the RCF is not drawn anymore, so we've got an RCF that's that's available $30 million that we haven't drawn down, so that that shows up as zero. So net debt about 770 million down from about 900 before. in terms of net debt, so it's very we're happy with where we are now. So of all the things that we set out to do with the refinancing, we achieved all of them except one, and the one that we didn't achieve is the one that is making you guys spy, which is the.

Speaker 6  09:12
On the equity injection side, do I have it correct in terms of like what is the equity injection? Is there a requirement of a certain amount by 2027, 50 million? Yes. So that's a 50 million, right? That's

Speaker 1  09:31
50 million, but of additional equity. Yeah. That's to come into the perimeter by 28 of 2027.

Speaker 6  09:42
And it's what's the status of that? Is in that Reza that's in motion.

Speaker 1  09:49
We have you know we have conversations that are going on within our shareholder base, but also potentially we have some interest from external parties as well.

Speaker 2  10:04
Okay. And what will that be used for? What's

Speaker 1  10:08
the the main use really is it's you know we we put a real drive on turning our network into an AI transport network. So that's that's going to be one time. Two capex. Yeah, part of it. I mean, it's not it's not huge capex. You know, our network is fully built, so you know, a small portion of that would come would go to that. The rest is is really just to stabilise our our cash flow.

Speaker 6  10:46
On the current capex plan that you have, the 60 or 70 million, is that mostly maintenance, or is there some growth there as well?

Speaker 1  10:56
So there are three three main buckets that we always provide, right? So maintenance, growth capex is customer connection. That's what we call it, and then we've got discretionary capex. If if you notice the profile over the last six quarters, has been two things have happened. One, the overall capex envelope has come down. I mean, eight quarters ago, we were doing almost what

Speaker 5  11:28
one north of 100 million.

Speaker 1  11:30
Yeah, it was about 120. We we ended you know we ended at about 60 there thereabout. So so so there's been that steady decline in capex as the network has become mature, and the makeup of the capex is really the two buckets that you see prominently is customer connection capex and maintenance capex. Now we call it maintenance capex, but a lot of what we call maintenance is is two things. Part of it is just responses to fibre breaks. You know, particularly as we densify in the urban metros. You know, I wish that the municipalities could be better at how they do their roads, but you can just wake up one morning and somebody has dug across the road and they dug up your fibre and and you know in one or two markets we've been very successful in getting repaid for damaged infrastructure, but for the most part we just absorb it because you know every day that our network is not up is costing us money. So we don't. So so that's and then some of the maintenance is is really areas where you know just gear that has become older in terms of the network cards. Remember we've got almost 1,100 pops across Africa, points of presence for internet, and each pop is, you know, either a number of Nokia cards, a number of Cisco cards, some power. So a lot of the maintenance revolves around what we do on those pops to increase, you know, to increase capacity, the customer connection is simple. It's largely, you know, we've got our main fibre line is three kilometres away from the customer, and we need to bring it to the customer premises. That's that's and and usually that starts to be revenue generating within 60 days of putting it into the ground, but Capix guidance remains within the range that we've given in the key one

Speaker 3  13:56
results. And you mentioned the use of equity to switching more to serving servicing AI industry, right? As I understand, is that included in the capex already? Yeah. That's right.

Speaker 2  14:13
But I think it's all very positive the equity injection. But but if I maybe I got my math wrong, but it seems like you will be generating cash, right? So maybe can you explain me the use of the cash of the internal cash flow generation and the equity? So you you you be so what would you like? You you said the 50 million will go for this. What about the internal cash flow generation? Would that be used for?

Speaker 1  14:42
So let me let me tell you what it will not be used for. Okay. It's unlikely to be used for inorganic.

Speaker 2  14:55
Okay.

Speaker 1  14:56
I think that that's the rest is yeah.

Speaker 5  15:02
From a from a debt maturity perspective, we're in we're in a good place. But before we know it, the first amortisation, the first bullet claimant, will be here. And obviously, at that stage, we can think about what we want to do. I think Hardy's been very clear in the past that continuing our path of deleverage is something that's very much at the top of our list of to-dos with capital generation, and I think that's probably the the most likely scenario of use of incremental cash that the business has generated in you know 1218, months. How we how we deal with that first bullet payment?

Speaker 2  15:38
So, can you remind me? What when is the first amortisation? What is the quantum?

Speaker 5  15:43
It's February 28, and it is it's it's almost a third of the term loans that we have. Yeah, across the across the USD term loan and the and the Zarr term loan, it's close to 100. I think it'll be about 130 to depending on what exchange rates. 130 or billion.

Speaker 2  16:16
All right, february 28. So no expect. I mean, you said no organic inorganic growth, but what about dividend payments?

Speaker 1  16:31
We generally, you know, none of our shareholders expect dividends from this perimeter. This is a growth. We run this as a growth business. We don't have any pressure to pay dividends to anyone, and it's the agreement is that it makes the best sense for us to maintain this path of deliberate, be selective around what we use capex for for near-term cash generation and near-term revenue generation, and then make sure that we've got dry powder for for any for any upcoming maturities. We certainly have no appetite for any of the cleavage heroics. Could

Speaker 3  17:29
you give a bit of update on Zimbabwe business and the conditions there? I think in the news the anointing risk has been highlighted quite significantly. Do you think that can affect the economy and your ability to extract cash?

Speaker 1  17:51
So, look, I mean, the meaning is going to affect a number of countries globally across Africa, across South America, Latin America, Zimbabwe is is is kind of almost has got a honeymoon period that the economy is enjoying. Local currency very stable, exports very very strong from three places, lithium, gold, platinum, and all of those groups have had very high, very high prices. You know, in the last 12 months, you know, critical minerals have come on stream. With if you have seen the rapporteur with the World Bank, you can make the link with who is interested in critical minerals, and the World Bank statement that Zimbabwe is now off their list of fragile economies. On

Speaker 3  18:54
the

Speaker 1  18:55
street, we are seeing a steady sort of 6040 U.S. dollar collections and local currency collections. Even the local currency collections, because of the stability of the zig, you you almost you you know you don't see the swings in you know in those collections. The rest of the economy is about 80 to 85% dollarized. So, other than for government services, the government is pushing for them to be paid in local currency. The typical trade on the street, in the supermarket, on the sidewalk, is all happening in U.S. dollars. So U.S. dollar availability, our ability to upstream cash, we've we've guided 343, to $4 million. You know, if you're trying to forecast, I would stay on the three side and rather than before, the business itself was still, you know, we are, you know, we're look. There's no competitions commission representative here, so we're a dominant player in the in the market, high margins, high cash generation, highest EBITDA within our within our portfolio, highest EBITA margin, and you know, it's broad best growth. It's not just connectivity. It's it's it's enterprise connectivity. It's FTTH. It's cloud. It's cybersecurity. It's it's state-owned enterprises. We we are designated as critical infrastructure, you know, for the country. So so we carry you know national treasury, revenue authority, all of those things. So it's it's a you know barring any sort of shocks from the Middle East that we are already priced in. I think Zimbabwe and a couple of the countries in Africa, what they did was to overprice fuel. So there's there's quite a cushion that even now, as fuel prices are increasing from the Middle East. You are not seeing fuel prices at the pump going up. So, so that's that's been mitigated to some extent. I think, yeah. So, if you ask me, you know, red, amber, green on on zinc green. The the El Nino effect usually it shows up with higher imports of grains. The good news is that the last two seasons harvests have been very very strong, so the granaries are full in terms of stable. So you know whether it's wheat or maize, you're not going to see an immediate need for importation of grain, which usually is what impacts on our ability to upstream. Because of course, the two things that become priority is grain and fuel. And and right now we're we're seeing neither of those creating a squeeze on on the on the reserve bank

Speaker 3  22:25
reserves. Is the is the energy dependent on hydrology though in the country?

Speaker 1  22:31
So Zimbabwe, like South Africa, has a has a you know has a good mix of hydro, coal, and now renewables, other than wind. But solar is solar is probably now 10% of the grid. Coal is probably 40% and hydro is there is 40% And then generally, the grid over the last say nine months is more of the FX has come into government coffers and the transmission lines have been repaired, we're seeing less and less outages that are coming out of the grid, which means our cost of operation may need less and less diesel in order to operate in order to support our network.

Speaker 3  23:28
Because you can rely more on the grid around than the genetic. Any problems accessing fuel at all?

Speaker 1  23:40
We're not a big user of fuel. The mobile network guys, they they consume a lot of fuel. I mean, you know, Africa has 500,000 diesel generators across the continent, but that's for mobile operators. In our case, a lot of our pops consume yes some diesel, but nothing that you know nothing really will move the needle. Even if the price of diesel goes up, you probably only see a translation of a one to 2% uplift in our costs.

Speaker 2  24:19
Is there any intercompany debt still outstanding?

Speaker 1  24:25
So let me speak broadly, and then you know, Mark. I think you can open your chat with me, or you can share some numbers from Q1. There are really two two places where you see intercompany debts. Remember, we have the Eastern Cape government structure, where we had to create an SPV outside of the bond perimeter, and so there is a relationship between that and Liquid South Africa. So that's an intercompany that you tend to see the intercompany between Liquid and the data centres perimeter because of the equity injection that came from the sale of a stake in the in the data centres business that has come down significantly. So there was about $130 million, if you remember, of long term receivables. So that's come down quite significantly. So those are the two places where you would kind of see a big number of inter companies. The the rest of the inter companies are trading trading balances that that exists within the bond perimeter itself, which washes out, and then outside with with the data centre business and with the wider internet. But that that that always trades within its terms.

Speaker 2  25:46
But the 880 gross debt that you mentioned, right? That does not capture that those intercompany loans.

Speaker 1  25:55
That's that is

Speaker 5  25:57
no, it doesn't. It just balances on the receivable balances on

Speaker 4  26:03
the cash.

Speaker 2  26:04
Okay, you see them on the receivable side.

Speaker 1  26:06
Yeah, not not on debt.

Speaker 2  26:08
So you have one with the East Easter Cape Government and one with data centres. What's the total? What's the total amount ballpark?

Speaker 5  26:18
It's it's in the region of about 100 million, and it was a lot higher. It was more like 200 million prior to the refund. There was significant reduction, as Hardy mentioned, as the long-term receivable was largely paid down, there is still some outstanding on that. And then there's the shorter-term receivable that the ADC owes to the bond perimeter was 25 million outstanding on that. That's sort of tied up with the overall financing of the data centre business. If you recall, that that did have facility or does have facility with the DFC, and the complexity of that has always been a delay on the repayment of that short-term receivable because of the hurdles that we need to go through with the DFC to draw down on on that facility to pay back the short-term receivable. Separate, there is an ongoing discussion about refinancing that debt with DFC outside of a DFI-like facility, but also in ZAL, which would enable a quicker repayment of that short-term receivable. That one's 25 million outstanding. In terms of ECG, obviously the underlying contract is incredibly profitable. It's been a strong driver of South African revenue and EBITDA growth over the last 12 to 18 months. But it was financed, as Hardy mentioned, via an SBV, which leases back the network facility to the bond perimeter, it's still going through the the build phase. So as a result, liquid in South Africa is building out that network, essentially pass through sale to the SPV, and then leases the infrastructure back. But as it's going through that build phase, there is a build-up of receivable. As we and we are pretty much at the at the height of that build phase, we will start to see that unwind.

Speaker 2  28:14
Okay.

Speaker 4  28:32
Question on the whole call, like free cash flow on whole call side. So you have what is the OPEX like cash upstreaming per year, and the OPEX and Hoco and interest interest down the hypothesis.

Speaker 1  28:48
When you say hold call, you mean LTH.

Speaker 5  28:53
Don't quite, yeah, don't quite follow the question.

Speaker 1  28:56
Which hold call?

Speaker 4  28:58
Like the bond issuer, ah, okay, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  29:01
okay, yeah. And and the question is like, what is the

Speaker 4  29:04
dividends upstream for subsidiaries, so three, three for them from Zimbabwe and from South Africa. What is that? What is the amount? I'm just trying to see, like, what is the annual cash info for the whole coal after the bond to match with the dangerous cost.

Speaker 1  29:22
So, so maybe I mean, rather than because we don't provide that granularity per se, the best way to think about it is is maybe to say, look, if you you know of the of the 100 and $9 million of cash that we had at the end of Q1. Zimbabwe held about 40 million of that. South Africa about 27, 30 million of that. The other countries had about 17 sitting in the hall. Go in Mauritius was about 20, 21. But remember, we've got an undrawn RCF as well. Yeah.

Speaker 3  30:12
At the Mauritius level.

Speaker 1  30:18
So exim, we have about 66, $67 million of usable cash. Add the Amazon RCF. You've got about $95 million of cash. And the bond, the coupon is about $30 every year. 3032,

Speaker 3  30:45
I think you touched on it on the previous calls as well, but the but the Zimbabwean EBITDA is roughly the third, roughly.

Speaker 5  30:56
Yeah, it it it it moves around a little bit. Yeah, yes,

Speaker 3  30:59
3030 to 35% Yeah, and then and then out of that, the capex I think is not super high, so it's most of this is kind of free cash flow, right? But then out of that, you can only take three, four per month. Yeah. In in the longer term, because the the cash balance in the bundle obviously will be rising, right? Is are there any kind of options for you in terms of like what to do with the cash if you can't? I don't know. Upstream is fast enough.

Speaker 1  31:38
I mean, we

Speaker 3  31:41
maybe like buy assets or like I don't know what's the strategy in

Speaker 1  31:46
the. been, you know, moderately successful in both. First thing, of course, is that we have aggressively built our network in Zimbabwe. Yes, yeah, yeah. I mean, literally every Econet wireless tower in Zimbabwe has fibre from liquid, and even the towers from the other players have fibre. For a country of that size, you know, we have almost 23, 24,000 kilometres of fibre. You know, almost at similar levels to much bigger countries. We, you know, we've been able to use some of that capex. I mean, some of that cash to to build resilience on the on the borders of of the neighbouring countries. So, so Zimbabwe's Zimbabwe gets supplied with IP transit from South Africa via two routes, one directly from South Africa, you know, over the the Likopo, and the other from from the Bosporus side, and and so strengthening those routes near the borders, which is where you typically get fibre brex, is something that we've been able to use Zimbabwe's cash for, and still kind of call that network Zimbabwe. Yeah,

Speaker 3  33:15
yeah, makes sense.

Speaker 1  33:19
But there's not anyone should buy without straying from. You know, we don't want to start putting up.

Speaker 2  33:33
I'm curious with this stronger credit profile. Do you guys have explored conversations with rating agencies for a high rating? Is that something that is possible, or are you constrained by sovereign ratings, or what's the?

Speaker 1  33:51
No, we our desire is to go back to where we were. We, you know, the rating agencies, of course, have said they want to see the dust settle down. As you know, they they very how shall I call it? They are superstitious lots. But look, they're they're they're being supportive. We've we've got the next round of interactions in. I imagined

Speaker 5  34:24
it would be December time, next to a mini review. The full reviews tend to be sort of June, July time. To Harley's point, I think from their perspective and reading through their reports, they want to see a consistent quarter after quarter level of cash generation, we've we've done it for a couple of quarters, but I think they'll want to see see that more regularly and more consistently before before we head back towards you know the higher single B categories. But but we think that that is certainly a place we should be operating at, and hopefully we'll leave for them to to make the decision in due course.

Speaker 2  35:07
Do you have what's your in terms of the term loans? What do you say in terms of covenant headroom?

Speaker 1  35:15
Covenant headroom. I mean that's that's you know really highlight for us. We've got significant headroom all you know, across all these seven, eight covenants, whether you talk about, you know, cash at the end of the quarter or net debt rebiter, debt rebiter. I mean, all of them, even on a quite forward-looking basis. Yeah, yeah. I mean, we're also nothing to worry about. Yeah, we're also benefiting from the fact that. the

Speaker 4  35:59
refinancing is gone and you don't have capex, you're not doing acquisition. So what is the priority for management now?

Speaker 1  36:12
Well, finally, we can just run the business without having to talk to you guys. No, I we love talking to you guys, but look, we there was a significant amount of effort to get us over the line. It took a lot of management time. I mean, we've got a big bench and a deep bench in the business on the operations side, but but for fires and I, it also gives us a chance to. I mean, you you are unlikely to see me in London. You're going to meet me in Osaka, in Harare, or in Lagos. That's that's kind of the places where you're more likely to see me nowadays. Whereas you know, 12 months ago, you know, I was kind of a permanent fisher here. So, and this gentleman here is probably missing us. We're not seeing him as often nowadays. I'd come here for it. Yeah, yeah. But look, we we want to make sure that when the first set of repayments come through on the capital side, we we've got strong, healthy cash balances, and we're not, you know, we're not running around for that. That that's the primary focus. Just make sure that we've got. We keep building up on those cash balances, and we we don't have. We want to make it as as almost a non-event. It's just something that happens in ordinary customers. Yeah.

Speaker 6  37:47
Can I ask on the margin of the business? I mean, the first quarter it was a bit lower. Just trying to get a sense of what should be kind of the run rate of the margin. I mean, I can understand that it might be a little bit lower going forward, but people to get a sense of how to think about

Speaker 1  38:12
it. So, so going forward, we'll see a margin recovery. The the the softness in the first quarter. It was the it was the first full quarter where we saw the impact of the spectrum farming revenues that we did in South Africa. So that that revenue, I mean that's like $100 million on an annualised basis, and a lot of it came at the beginning. Thank you. At the beginning, the way that the spectrum farming works is that with the mobile operator that we're working with, they got access to our spectrum. We got access to their radio access network. So literally a swap with with very you know bit of a margin for us on operations and maintenance. How we actually make money is we then we get access to data capacity that we can on sell to our own customers at a normal margin, but the initial part of that transaction was very thin on margins. It was literally just a swap of, you know, of assets. We have now completed the build of the infrastructure that's needed for us to monetize that data capacity that we've got. So every month, we get you know several millions of minutes available for you know for data usage by our customers, and and then you know we tend to drive the average revenue per user using those minutes, particularly in the SME sector, because a lot of the SMEs in South Africa, they they like two things. Yes, they want to have access to to fixed line data, but they also want to have some limited mobility, and and this gives us that ability to and and wider coverage across most of the metros without having to build fibre.

Speaker 6  40:12
Okay, so so basically on group level it goes back to kind of the historic levels or whatever it was. Okay, so

Speaker 1  40:18
I would say over the next 12 to 18 months, you see it climb back up to historic level.

Speaker 2  40:31
I'm just curious. Why is the fiscal year of the company not the same as calendar year?

Speaker 1  40:38
That's a very, very so. So many, many years ago when we were small, Deloitte told us that if we're gonna get any attention from them, we had to make sure that they were not auditing us at the same time as we like. That's right. That's all the explanation. So they said, "Look, banks have got a December year end. You guys are small. You want us to be your auditors? Choose another year, okay? We suggest February for you. We will definitely pay attention to you then, and the whole group is has a February February year.

Speaker 2  41:19
Right. I was just curious because I mean, we see some of the agri business have to do with the crop year, but TFT. I was just curious,

Speaker 1  41:27
but you know, interestingly, it's it's helped us in South Africa, which is a big market because the the fiscal year end for South for South Africa is is April. So you find actually, you know, Vodafone, for example, is 31st of March year end. So, but the real reason is nothing more than, and actually, they also said we'll get a better price on the audit. It hasn't always been true. I think as new partners have come on our audit, they seem to have forgotten that the promise was we have a February year and we'll get a better price. Great. Thank you. All right. Thanks, everyone. Thanks for coming.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai