Speaker 1  00:00
Maybe that is the reason, but so far so good. Okay, shall we start? I don't know how many people here.

Speaker 2  00:10
There would be at least two other names. Well, maybe

Speaker 1  00:13
as as you said, it's it's early for London. So let's kick off. You want to start? Thank you for obviously putting the results out that sets the context.

Speaker 2  00:39
I'm just I'm just giving the trapper, not the first meeting, I'm just afraid that it will start. We will start. I know this question. We will start, and then once people join, they will ask the pretty same thing.

Speaker 3  00:51
But I mean,

Speaker 2  00:52
it's so it's the.

Speaker 4  00:56
Hi.

Speaker 5  00:57
Hi. Hi.

Speaker 6  00:58
Oh, we thought it's the last session. No, we haven't started. Don't

Speaker 2  01:13
worry. Nos, maybe you ask questions, and we know which one, but. Yeah.

Speaker 7  01:23
Well, maybe we can start with the, I guess, the recent events that come out to the end of the Boris style, right? So, I guess maybe, you know, what can you tell us, or can you elaborate on, you know, the extent of the damage and what's the latest?

Speaker 2  01:39
Absolutely. So, to give you a bit of context, before the tax, two steelmakers were present at five plus furnaces: three at the prestal, two at Kamak Steel. The prestal, as you know very well, is our joint venture, the one which we do not consolidate in our operational and financial results. First attack on the British start was in mid of August. So you just started with Ukrainian steelmakers updated. So the first attack was in the middle of August. As a result, it had to suspend production. The impact was such that it was not really an impact on the blast furnace primarily, but on the infrastructure around it, so it got zillions of pipes and tubes with natural gas, oxygen, water, electricity, and so on. So the hardest thing was to to elaborate in which sequence to to repair it and reinstate. Of course, there was some impact on the blast furnace, but it was not a direct target or the outcome. Maybe they targeted the blast furnace. We don't know. Having said that, it took us two weeks to repair, and we launched the first blast furnace. We were about to launch the second one this weekend, and then they ducked it again. So, in a nutshell, the plant is operating still at one furnace. We we understand that it is repairable. It is based on our preliminary estimates, cost to repair is at least $10 million per blast furnace. We are not talking about at this point, right? Well, as as of today, right? That it's about 20 or more violence. No, it's 10, $15 million dollars per post furnace. Timing-wise, that's something which is we are elaborating at least a couple of months, not not a matter of days or weeks at this time, or I mean a few weeks, gently a couple of months, but it is doable. Then, in early September, there was an attack at Succam and Steel. The plant unfortunately were also casualties on our side. But then they eventually, out of two death currencies, Eventually, one sustained no like impact, no damage. Yes, they suspended production given the uncertainty, and in general, like when something similar happens, you you you suspend and see what's going on. But then they rather quickly resumed operations within two days. The the blast furnace plant on minus one. So, but the status for the second one is pretty much similar to the ones Zero. It is repairable, similar cost, similar time. It is also worth mentioning that first and foremost, now our reality is a bit different versus the early days, say of this year or even second quarter, when there were there were no precedents of such attacks on steelmakers. These steelmakers are not the the only ones which are being attacked. So arsenal methyl cribery and blood attack as well. So this looks like a systematic, you know, try to create systematic damage to the one of the country's industries, key industries, and it's it's pretty much similar to what Russia is doing to any other big business in Ukraine, so they're systematically destroying storages for pharmaceutical goods. Same for like any other type of business, and so on. So we don't know how it's going to develop. So those ratios, you know, those operating blast furnaces. I give you, it can unfortunately quickly change. The situation is very fluid, and it would take. Maybe tomorrow it will be different.

Speaker 8  06:36
Sorry, just to go back a little bit on Hamid. Of the three, one was undamaged and is already running again.

Speaker 2  06:44
Of the comet, there were two. One was pretty much undamaged. Yes.

Speaker 4  06:52
But have you restarted production at Cameron? Yes. Here you have. Okay.

Speaker 8  06:56
With one furnace.

Speaker 2  06:57
Yes.

Speaker 8  06:58
And then the other one, roughly 15 million, cost and a few weeks to restart.

Speaker 2  07:02
A couple of months. A

Speaker 8  07:03
couple of months.

Speaker 9  07:08
So, on the in terms of like regarding the war strategy that you mentioned, in terms of from the government side, is this a particular focus to try and protect these assets, or this is kind of like a wider like what sort of discussion have you had, if any, with the government regarding the assets?

Speaker 2  07:31
I have serious doubts you can protect anything in Ukraine. I mean, I haven't heard that they've allowed private air defence forces. It's not happening. So it's either about your state-owned air defence forces or nothing. Can we do better as the country? It's a function of the available, like revolution we have. And here, like when we see patriots shutting down drones in Dubai or in Saudi Arabia with patriots, I mean, in me it means that it's just available missiles for Patriots are are are wasted because they they using 4 million or $5 million missile against the drone which cost $100,000. It's like super inefficient. Ukraine's country developed technology we can which can intercept such a cheap job, and they're doing it in an unofficial manner. And I see systematic risks for any other country in the world, because I mean, bad guys are producing ballistic missiles, and good guys are doing nothing for protect themselves. So systematically, there is shortage. Unless Ukraine develops its own ballistic missile, it's going to be our weak spot for quite some time. The recent technology Russia developed is jet drones, which fly instead of 200, 300 kilometres per hour, they fly up to 600 kilometres per hour. We haven't yet developed a technology against it. Maybe in a couple of months it will be there, but not today. And this creates another impact. So now they are systematically hitting gas stations across the country. I mean, the train which was hit two days ago near near the Polish border, two kilometres from the Polish border, it got hit with this jet drone as well. So it's how can you protect? I mean, there was a training with Boris Johnson and the head of CII nearby, and it still got hit. It's something small in the fashion store. A

Speaker 6  10:13
question on the comments still back to that. So, what was the utilisation before the attack? So, right now, with only one saving, would you be able to raise the utilisation of that one to compensate from here? So there will be a bit drop for that. Yes,

Speaker 10  10:30
I said okay.

Speaker 8  10:32
So what are you expecting on free capital for the second half of the year if it sort of stays at one furnace?

Speaker 2  10:41
We don't know, and I believe it is too early to say about cash flows in Q4. As I said, the situation is very fluid. All we can comment on is that we closed June with $199. Like relatively speaking, still a high amount versus the repayment we made in in April. Is it high enough to help us survive in the current circumstances? Another two years, definitely not. So we are doing our best to you know still optimise working capital as before the attacks, at least like six or even eight vessels with coal were heading into Ukrainian Black Sea ports. So all of it got stopped, and now you have suddenly a lot of coal, a lot of money being frozen. So we are redirecting them, reselling them, you know, financing them to to say the least to to minimise income from on on cash. But obviously, when you have two major steelmakers suddenly stop, when you have like Black Sea port eventually de facto suspended, by which you exported 40% of your RNR. Like you cannot say that you generate free cash flow. It's not the case. We show you. We August was a very hard month for that for us. Having said that, we also like make decisions step by step, and in the current circumstances, as of today, I mean, we don't know what's going to happen tomorrow. But as of today, we plan to pay the coupon in November because the next coupon then would be in March. So we have some briefing room to to fully assess what's going on with the business and understand our actions, and then the other important factor is that the bond repayment is in October next year, so we have 12 months again to wait and see what's going on.

Speaker 8  12:53
So, as I understand correct, how operations are now given free cash flow positive if it's one at at covert and sort of one at Southside. Is that correct?

Speaker 2  13:09
Say it again, please. The

Speaker 8  13:12
sort of as current operations standard, if you're not able to rebuild other furnaces, you're not able to generate cash in the second half of the year.

Speaker 2  13:24
Generate cash cash in the meaning of increasing cash balance versus

Speaker 8  13:29
no free cash.

Speaker 2  13:33
I would say I would say it is a I don't know. It depends.

Speaker 11  13:38
I would say that it depends on what is your assumption. So, what does it mean? Situation it is as as it is now. Because if if there is no additional attacks, that's one story. If attacks are continuing, that's different story. Because each and every attack like implies additional risk in terms of the repairs first. Each and every repairs mean additional capex on top of your usual maintenance. And of course, let's say there is a question: in case those systematic attacks will continue, then whether it makes any sense to repair it right now in order to sustain additional damage, like in a matter of weeks, right? So this situation evolved like really rapidly out of nowhere. So it was kind of additional black swan which emerged after the Black Sea. Additional say railway tires increased and. a lot of other stuff like quotas and things like that. By the way, these let's say trade restrictions as of now they are much less important for us simply because we don't have enough let's say volumes to sell to Europe because Zaporizhtyl actually that was the the only one asset in Ukraine which suffered the most because of quotas. But now given they they operate only one plus furnace, so obviously there is a market for style products in Ukraine, and that's what we will be focusing on in the foreseeable future. So yes, in case the situation as it is right now, if it means that the attacks will be continuing, it's very likely that that yes, the company will not generate.

Speaker 4  15:40
Can I ask you a question? When we met earlier in the year, after the repayment of, let's call it beginning of summer, after the repayment of the 20 sixes, there were you were discussing about potentially coming to the market. Yes, and I think the market was there for you.

Speaker 8  15:56
Yeah.

Speaker 4  15:58
What led you to not decide to come to the market? I mean, obviously, this week nobody could have predicted this. Yeah, right. Well, there

Speaker 11  16:05
are there are a couple of things. First of all, we at the moment we firmly believe that the spread between us and MHP was way too high. So, just to to recap, they all started with 600 bips as a spread at the beginning of the year. We managed to squeeze it to almost 100. At the same time, given that the investors wanted longer paper, it means that the cost of capital should be sustainable for us in the long term. I mean, we were not looking for kind of short-term solution, and we kind of agreed with investors that the the money should be rather with longer term. But this means at the same time that let's say the the high cost may not be considered as sustainable by our supervisory board, and also, let's say when we met last time, it was the second part of June. It was clearly that let's say some of the investors, beginning of July, already let's say left, and we we we can't actually let's say rely on on full spectrum of investors because let's say 124A was already out of the table. So that is why Marco be indeed let's say aimed for September.

Speaker 4  17:38
Yeah, kind of. It was

Speaker 11  17:40
just matter of of let's say not even two months, right? So it was mid July. The idea was you

Speaker 4  17:47
were aiming for September.

Speaker 12  17:48
Yes. Yes.

Speaker 2  17:49
I would probably add another reason is that once we replaced the bond, there was a lot of excitement from the head of the chairman, chairperson of our supervisory board, and our UVO that have now substantially lowered that burden, and to I would say rationalise the new deal, the Moscow deal. Not it was not about having more cash in the system to be more comfortable ahead of your risks was about you know doing it in efficient way. So now maybe I mean that's the reason why they are who they are because eventually we did not proceed with the new bond and like I would say both participants did not you know suffer in the outcome. Now they don't have this headache about you know having this as a as potential asset at risk. Now we still have in any circumstances rather reasonable debt burden, given how prudent we've been with our debt so far, we haven't jeopardised our track record. So, in the long term, in my humble opinion, the investor is still very well positioned to access the market and go back and finance its recovery once the risks are lower in the short term. I mean, the risks are there for sure.

Speaker 4  19:26
And what I'm saying is, it's obviously to the gentleman's question of the 190 million of cash as of June. Given these new attacks and likelihood for cash went into the second half of the year, are you in discussion with, you know, IFIs or state-owned banks or international banks and potential like short-term financing to get through to next year or sort of what you're thinking? Obviously, it's tough to predict because of

Speaker 2  19:54
the IFIS and TFI's. I'm sorry, are ready to provide financing to Ukrainian companies for development, not to debt refinancing. So far, I believe this there was such a drive in early days. I mean, in early years already of war, but it has been exhausted. I mean, you saw DFC, IFC, and they are refinancing eventually each piece, but now their mandate is finance, you know, critical minerals in Ukraine.

Speaker 4  20:26
No, no, of course. But if you were to think about, you know, capex for your steelmakers because of the attacks and to keep them operational, would that be something that they would provide finance? Obviously, not to pay back international bondholders, but continuing operations.

Speaker 2  20:40
I would say we have such discussions with Ukrainian banks because we know that the capital is constrained and there are obstacles for it to leave the country. So there are such discussions. Yes, for sure. As for the advice in our portfolio, the one we have is facility to instal solar panels. It's you know it's in process. I mean, we signed it and we are drawing it down. But obviously, any bank don't want you know its performing credit to become a non-performing credit. So they are assessing the risks as well. Could

Speaker 7  21:18
you maybe touch on the sort of knock-on effects on other parts of your business. So, have you been able to mitigate the impact on the island or business from not being able to export, for example, and not supplying your steel plants by diverting those? And are those assets still financially viable under those circumstances?

Speaker 2  21:41
I would say only partially, because again, volume-wise, last year we exported 11 million tonnes of iron ore concentrate to China, and now the logistic, our logistic total, what the cost to export it to China is like 50 dollars higher. So the benchmark is nearly not there to allow us to do it. So eventually, those volumes are out. Not not possible. Not economically viable. We what we can do is to ramp up sales in Eastern Europe in terms of fire and work. And but before we move to that, don't forget that besides exports to China, we have now also lower demand in Ukraine, right? Because I mean, we were talking about five bus furnaces for even our internal sales. Now it's just two, so those spare volumes have also are actually also in the market and are to be redirected. So there are two questions here: Do we have logistical capacity to export all of it? All of it, no. But probably 40% of it, yes. But then the second question is: Do we have demand to to buy this iron ore, and this is something which is which doesn't have a quick yes. So we we increased by say 15% our sales to Eastern Europe. Maybe we have potential for another like 15% but it could compensate maybe to say on a combined basis maybe 25 percent of our Chinese sales maximum, not more than that. So it will have an we we don't have unlimited storage for iron or so the only choice we have is to scale down production.

Speaker 7  23:43
And on the re-rolling mills in Europe, which I believe have taken some of the product from the Ukrainian assets, we've been able to secure the terms of the price.

Speaker 2  23:54
When we talk about common steel and prominent steel, indeed, they promised steel is. like its value for us is one. It's one. It's part of the vertical integration. So as of now, they still have some stocks. Kammer steel at one blast furnace being in operation based on our calculations would be sufficient to cover for Ukrainian demand and enable partial operations of promised steel. It won't be enough to cover full, like 100% operations of promised steel. So our choice is eventually is there are two choices: either you just cut your production from it still, and you get rid of the least marginal orders, or you secure third-party supplies. It's possible we've done it, so now we are, you know, doing our homework, calculating whether it's reasonable or not, and if yes, we will proceed with third-party supplies.

Speaker 11  25:03
And in terms of the, I would say the other enrollers, so they are standalone business, not relying on Ukraine anyway. Like so, that's why this business is usual. By the way, like this C1 regulation and and they introduce quotas, so they really increased prices in Europe. It's a long-term trend, and also it it could be a compensating factor for for our mining business in Ukraine going forward because a lot of European names now they are thinking regarding, let's say, bringing some some plus furnaces back online after this let's say elevated pricing environment happened, and in case it will materialise, it will mean that there will be additional additional customers for our iron ore concentrate and pallets in Europe, which is positive.

Speaker 8  26:14
Just going back one second, what you mentioned on the discussion with Ukrainian banks was there any offer from the government or anyone to to help rebuild or offer financing to help rebuild from from a government perspective.

Speaker 2  26:27
Indeed, there was some offer of help from local authorities, but not from the central government. We know that our treasury is empty and we are like totally dependent on external support, and I mean, you will see numbers very soon that August was very difficult month for Ukrainian treasury and income. Simple is going to be for September, so it's not that we are rich country and we can support meant the West, but in terms of locals, there was there is some support. Like they've levied some subsoil, not not subsoil use tax, but land tax, like local, like manpower helped us, you know, to to rebuild like some stuff. But it's not contributed.

Speaker 4  27:23
I ask you a question, Sir John? How are you weighing whether to recontract the blast furnace or destroy

Speaker 2  27:29
it or not?

Speaker 4  27:31
No, of course, but like the attacks are very unpredictable, right? And so, are you currently rebuilding to go back to five, or how? Like, how are we looking today in the next three months? Given that it takes two three months to

Speaker 2  27:44
rebuild, you calculate whether it makes sense or not, and based on current estimates, in general, it makes sense for Kambi Steel to be rebuilt because they produce billets not subject to waters. They will supply chromeate, and all of this chain was from it's a good fit. As for the rest out, they are subject to waters, and that's the other factor we take into account. So we see that most likely it would make sense to open the two lost provinces because they will produce steel products and sell it to the European Union with affordable logistics or good logistics, which would help us maintain margin. Good margin. As for third plus foreigners, we don't know yet whether it would make sense to rebuild it or not, because most likely we have to produce pigarn only, and market for pigarin is the U.S. And for U.S. we would have substantially higher logistic cost to deliver. As a result, yes, you will be still in the green, but whether this margin is high enough to ensure quick payback for this liquid cost, so that's that's how we think about it.

Speaker 7  29:12
Maybe just touching on United Core. I think you had signed the SBA a while ago, right? And then of course

Speaker 11  29:19
was the first buyer, but it didn't proceed. Why is that? Because they were unable to secure financing. Now we are in advanced talks with the second one. The second group of Investors, they would say they consist also. Let's say the management are the current management of UCC is part of the group, which is good sign because they are pretty much aware of the problems. They can explain other investors what's the plan of let's say to improve the operations. Now they are also like let's say finding financing. They they they find part of it. They are progressing towards let's say finding the solution to to close the gap, which we have currently. We hope, and the current plan is to still dispose the the asset by the year end. We think it's kind of like strategic decision we already made to exit this business. Yeah. So and but let's say if you are asking with the let's say with the to have answer whether it will impact our cash balance. So that answer is no. I mean, there will be some negligible impact, like kind of something single digit, but not more, like given the loss-making nature of the the operations.

Speaker 7  31:02
Right. So if minimal proceeds, but it will sort of take the asset off your balance sheet, and then any future cash burn in the business will no longer be formed by them. Exactly. Do

Speaker 2  31:24
you have any update on the Italian project? No change, frankly speaking, since June. Like the project is not happening unless we find apartment for the substantial portion of our shares. Okay. So just to remind, our state was estimated, not estimated as of today, 75% So we want to at least half it, but we are also in discussions to sell it completely. We are discussing this with the tier one, eventually tier group, strategic and financial investors, and we see interest, so we we haven't you know stopped considering the project to be a good investment to be made in Italy. The conditions are still there. It's just that we think that it is too big for my investment. I mean, our investment is too big in the current environment. In this respect, I believe that the board determined in a very wise manner, impudent manner, that like it's a great investment, but not now. Like either like not deleverage, but decrease exposure or exit. But like risks are too high for your existing business. We make such a commitment now. So now, that's the status. We'll see rather soon the outcome, because again, from the board, there is no will to allow us authorise Adria to spend substantial piece of money on the project in addition to what we've already inferred. So if we manage to sell it, then we'll recover some portion of costs we will cover.

Speaker 5  33:13
Now, in terms of funding, so can you can you walk us back to to what happened? I mean, following the situation from from afar, it seems that before all this happened, you were looking for issuing a new bond. You ended up repaying the 26, but we're still, you know, trying to to issue a new bond. So, you know, trying to understand basically what what happened that you know was just the terms that the bond market wanted was was too high, and your terms was misaligned on this. And then, second part of the question is to understand, due to the current situation, like how do you plan to? I mean, has anything changed regarding this? Are you trying to, you know, do do something else?

Speaker 2  34:01
I'll probably start with the second part, and it is too early to say what what is our final capacity to handle the bond in october 27. Still 12 months to go, as we told you. I told you there is no desire to make an immediate, sudden, and very strong movement, but of not of mishandling the coupon in November. Now we plan to carry on and see until like in the next four months what's going on with business and assess our options. Like as those black swans emerged, they could quickly disappear. If you are a positive thinker, and if it happens, then as we were shown by our performance in 2023, we can rather easily pump production of iron ore assets. We can accelerate repairs or furnaces and so on. So we have these capabilities. As if now, yes, we are scrutinising costs and cutting people, and from the point of view of costs as well. But in general, Met Invest preserves this capacity of going back to pre-attack levels if if the environment is there, so as for that's probably the biggest the biggest part of the answer.

Speaker 5  35:32
In the past, because you were trying to do something with Italy, I mean, what's the reason that the transaction didn't go through on the side?

Speaker 2  35:44
Timing, I would say first we wanted you know to be as efficient as possible, but then we achieved this efficiency when it was not it it was only about regas deal, not like pretty gas and 144A, so we so we thought that okay like by in theory based on semiannual financials which we expected to be strong like conditions could have been much even better than they used to do in June July for the bonditions and on the other side again from on behalf of the board and EBO, they're happy that we are deleveraging. Eventually, we ended up in the circumstances when risks materialised, at least partially, and the business is is is having just $1 billion debt burden instead of 1.5, so this burden is still much more manageable, much more sustainable. Now our interest expense decreased to say 70 million dollars per year instead of 130. It's a substantial relief. So in this respect, maybe it was a smart move because the market didn't suffer losses from us, you know, placing the bond super successfully, and then yield could have been could have dropped to the levels we see today.

Speaker 11  37:09
So it was it was rather opportunistic option for us rather to go and raise the money or not. So we were not targeting, let's say, a particular amount, or we were not in desperate need of new money, so it was rather like strategic thinking. What what would be our plan going forward during 2027? So we just considered our options, and in case it would say it it would be a single digit, let's say.

Speaker 5  37:40
And about the Italy project, what's the plan now, Dave?

Speaker 2  37:44
As I told you, like we are trying to find a partner and or sell it altogether. The outcome would be radically, but I believe by the end of the year it will be very clear what's going on.

Speaker 10  38:05
Do you do you see any logic in the focus of the Russian attacks lately, or is it pretty indiscriminate and it's just going to only one way to escalate and inflict most damage?

Speaker 2  38:22
I'll speak for myself because it's not definitely much the best view. Absolutely, so I would encourage the team to join this discussion first. I would say that if you assess only the front line developments, the front line barely moved over the last one year and a half. Of course, there are like small movements here and there. They're still doing grinding or how you call it advances in certain areas of the Donetsk region. But still, like it's they exhausted their existing resources. It's obvious. So they are doing like again how I see it personally. They are doing effort. What they're terrorising civilians. They are diminishing economic potential to put this sort of pressure to make us, you know, like way like to give up for us to give up. Yes, exactly, exactly. But we cannot exclude that following the elections, which they have this week, right? They would they would make a call for demobilisation, which would mean substantial additional manpower on the ground, which would mean that they would be they would create a momentum for themselves for the forefront to move at least in the DNS region, and maybe this would mean that they'll be more focused on those developments than you know civil infrastructure developments.

Speaker 11  39:59
I largely agree with Janu, with addition that I believe that these intensified attacks from Ukrainian business was related first with the company of Zelensky to attack Russian business like wild berries. I'm pretty sure that let's say I'm not a military expert, and let's say from my point of view, the attacks on on Russian oil refineries and facilities kind of made made any made sense because let's say it's it was painful for Russia. At the same time, attacking storage facilities of wholesalers, I don't know. Like it. It looks strange. And after this, each and every Ukrainian large business felt, let's say, the let's say the very same thing. But I agree that it's not only about let's say mirroring actions of your enemy. It's also about let's say what you can do, and obviously Ukraine can do harm much less than than Russians. But Russians can do, and in case they can do, they do. So that's why they are targeting like relatively, let's say, small targets, like you know, like locomotives or some railway infrastructure. Let's say I mean not not the commercial one, but rather let's say private. But still, they can do this. At the same time, given what what Yana just said about front line, that's totally true. I mean, you know, like even we talked about the Pokrovskoe. You know, like the front line is barely moving even there, so so they just captured Pokrovsk and then focused on on on other areas. And after all the progress they made, like Ukrainian army just was just recently in the news, like the counterattacks. So they grabbed around like 100 square kilometres back, so there are nothing new there. But at the same time, there are rumours that let's say after the elections, Russians will will call for mobilisation, and in case it's true, yes, it could be painful for Ukraine or could be painful for other countries, you know. Like we never know, like what what are their minds and what could be.

Speaker 2  42:30
Some people speculate that they could test NATO's willingness to to react, and you know there is they call it a strategy of 1000 cuts. Well, like this cut won't kill it, won't won't kill you. This no this no, but you do 1000 cuts. Eventually, the person dies. Similar to to the way how Natto may respond or not respond to their like provocation. Like this no, this no, this no. But then eventually NATO is not working. That's what they wanted to prove, and then no one is safe.

Speaker 8  43:08
There was some news yesterday about potential energy truce between Russia and Ukraine. Obviously, you know, we all take it with a grain of salt where this information came from, but wanted to ask how your view was on this. Whether you think this would include your operations in Ukraine as well, or

Speaker 2  43:30
I mean, I would probably comment on the source which says that diesel prices in the U.S. are because of the war in Ukraine. The source is not your joke, right? absolutely. So, yeah, I believe Ukraine officially responded saying that if Russia is truly willing to stop attacks on our this, this, this, this, and including like Black Sea and so on, then we will stop. But most likely, response from Russia was no. I mean, it's just like it's just trying to get as much benefits ahead of the military elections as possible.

Speaker 2  44:17
I mean, I personally don't believe. Just a

Speaker 6  44:30
quick question on the EBITDA split. I know you don't have the split by assets, but just from like international versus Ukrainian, like at current situation, what would you say?

Speaker 2  44:41
I I would I would not respond to this question because current is something which like is very I would say still unknown and uncertain based on each one share of non-Ukrainian business was similar to what we had in 2025, 25 percentage power bidder was generated outside of Ukraine. But this figure we present, I mean, it's clear based on our materials. It's not only like the business which is totally independent on Ukraine, like Italy, like Italy, like the UK, but it also includes trading business before Nisa, which trades Ukrainian goods eventually, and the promise still Reza which is dependent on Ukrainian feedstock. So that's that's that.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai