Speaker 1  00:00
The CFO of Motanger Africa, and he's here with his colleagues Andre and Tarina. They will be able to give you a presentation of the group, and then we would like to focus on Motaeng Africa in particular. You have a presentation just right in front of you, which we can we can use as a support as a supporting document for the discussions today, but we will make this as interactive as you want it to be. So please let us know how long do you do you have ahead of you so we

Speaker 2  00:32
can around 45 minutes or so.

Speaker 1  00:34
Okay, perfect. I guess we can start. Can we start?

Speaker 2  00:40
Yes, yes, please do. So yeah, I mean, I'm obviously not familiar with the credit. So so it would be, I mean, obviously we can start from the beginning.

Speaker 3  00:48
Please make all the questions that

Speaker 2  00:52
yes. So if you don't mind, I'll interrupt you from time to time.

Speaker 3  00:54
Okay. So starting, Mother Angela, Africa, born in Angola eight years ago, Motten Gil Africa is part of Mottingil Group that has presence across Africa, Latin America, and Europe. Africa is the most relevant region of of the group, representing circa 46% of the of the older book. Mottingil SGPS, the parent company, is listed in EuroNext Lisbon for 39 years since 1997, so long time listing. Basically, we are an industrial conglomerate comprised by four verticals: engineering and construction, the most relevant business unit of the group, representing 60% of the order book, natural resources representing 40% of the order book, concessions and circularity. We go in more detail about all of these four verticals throughout the presentation. We are present in 15 markets in Africa, Nigeria, Angola, Ivory Coast in Mozambique are the most relevant markets where we are present. In terms of our strategy, considering the balance of our verticals, we look at it on a portfolio basis, and the reason for that is because the different verticals have different characteristics. In one hand, we have engineering and construction, short cycle projects between two to three years, but light capital in terms of intensivity. But in the other hand, we have natural resources, concessions, and circularity that are long-term projects between five to 30 years that will generate recurrent cash flow and recurrent revenue, but are capital intensive. So, this difference in terms of intensity of capital obligates to look of our business as a portfolio basis, and to be very strict in terms of capital allocation. In terms of the structure of the business, we are a European governance company that is structured with international standards, and you will understand more in more detail when I mention international standards. And we have access to African margins that are significantly higher than margins across worldwide. And because of the mitigants that we put in place, we are not exposed to Africa financial risk. We will go on more detail on that when we explain the business. We have put together a big growth in the last couple of years. We just for your reference, we have we have achieved a 2.1 billion euro turnover in 2025. This represents a 20% year-on-year increase, and also represents a two-point-four times increase over the last five years. This growth is only possible to be achieved because of our commercial strategy. This commercial strategy combines two angles: one that is origination, and another one that is de-risking African risk. Origination is basically: we are not the type of company that waits and sits for public bids. We are originating new opportunities, and we originate that by the following strategy: We have presence in 15 countries in Africa. We have 15 commercial teams in each and all the countries that are looking for infrastructure gaps across the country. These infrastructure gaps. Then we have in-house engineering teams designing engineering solutions. For the projects, and then one of the angles that are very important to this, and this is originating plus de-risking, is we act as MLAs to attract funding for our projects. And by that I mean, when we present a solution to a to a sovereign client, we present the infrastructure gap, we present the engineering solution, and we present the financing solution to fund that investment. And that that funding solution is through an EPC plus F. Basically, we act as arrangers of facilities where the investor will lend directly to the sovereign, and we will collect the cash of that financing if and if and when we execute the project.

Speaker 2  05:48
Okay, so it's basically part banking, part construction.

Speaker 3  05:55
Basically, we just act as advisors.

Speaker 2  05:57
Okay.

Speaker 3  05:57
So basically, I will give an example. We'll find an opportunity in Nigeria to to build a railway line. There is a requirement, an infrastructure gap to build a railway line. Our engineers designed the railway design for that infrastructure, and we speak with, I don't know, EBRD is now entered in Nigeria last year. So EBRD, can you provide a financing term sheet to the sovereign of Nigeria Ministry of Finance for that project? You will have a direct financing to the sovereign of Nigeria. Present terms and conditions for that, and the proceeds of that financing will be paid directly to Mott and Gil if and when we execute the infrastructure. We present the government the infrastructure gap, designing solution, and the term sheet from EBRD saying that they will fund the government of Nigeria. And then we help the government structuring the funding. And when all of this closes, we have a contract signed with the government of Nigeria, we have a financing in place between EBRD and the government of Nigeria, and we will start the project. When we start executing the project, we will collect the proceeds from the financing that EBRD is providing to the government of Nigeria on a monthly

Speaker 4  07:20
basis.

Speaker 3  07:20
Yes, and I get directly the fund from the finance here. Doesn't have to pass through the soap.

Speaker 2  07:26
Okay. Yep.

Speaker 3  07:28
So future growth is tied in to order book, and for for your reference order book means contract signed, financed, and under execution. That number is 10.6 billion as of September 2026, and with that order book, we plan to reach 2030 with a 3.7 billion turnover in Africa. This represents an 11% compound average growth rate. All of these strategy levels, where we are today and where we are, is Molten Gil Africa is the biggest engineering and construction company in Africa. Excluding Chinese, if you consider Chinese, is the sixth in the continent, and it's the number one contract mining company in Africa. So I would stop here, and I would suggest that we can move forward to to provide some highlights of the group. I don't know if we have any questions before. It's

Speaker 2  08:29
clear, yeah.

Speaker 4  08:31
So I'll now speak about Mottingil Group as a whole. We'll then refocus on Africa, which is the the objective in here, but just to give you an highlight of what is the Mottingerizer Group. Mott Angeliza Group is present in three continents, so three regions: Africa, Europe, and Latin America. It was born in Africa eight years ago, and it's now, as Per mentioned, number six in Africa. One if you exclude Chinese companies, it's number three in Latin America. First one is Van CI, followed by CCCC, and then Montagil. In Europe, is number 12, the biggest in Portugal. And if we only look for international business, Motinjeel stands as number 25 worldwide. The order book of the old group, as of June, was around 18 billion. The turnover in 2025 it was 5.3 billion, with an EBIT margin of 18% corresponding approximately to to 1 billion, this Evita margin represents the mix of regions, the mix of business segments or verticals, as we as we call. So in Africa, we'll see that is considerably higher. The business segments or. Verticals are for engineering construction, which is the core business. Then we have been developing other business segments that complement this one: concessions, that brings a lot of synergies to engineering construction. Natural resources with two arms being one: contract mining or industrial engineering, as we call it, we'll see afterwards in more detail, and then industrial, where we have oil and gas and the EPC of industrial assets, and finally circularity, where we have environment with waste collection and waste treatment, then waste to energy, so energy segment from waste converting waste to energy, and finally nature recovery that we have only in Africa, and then we will go into deep on that. In the past cycle, we have been growing considerably. The other book, which is the inception of all all the business has has grown from six 7.6 billion in 2021 to more than almost 8 billion in June 2026, so more than double. Which has translated to a growth in terms of of turnover in 2021 2.6 in 2025, 5.3, and we have recently published the strategic plan for the group, which we aim to reach the 9 billion in 2030. Most of most of this growth is already in the contracts that were that are already signed. So the conversion of the 18 billion of backlogging to turnover will make us reach at least three years in advance. So the the contracts in order to grow to 9 billion for 2026, 2027, and 2028 are already in in in our are already under execution. In terms of EBIT, the EBIT margin, as I mentioned, is 18% which has grown from 16% in 2021, and EBIT margin from seven to 12% which are more or less the figures that we forecast for 2030.

Speaker 2  12:19
Where is the headquarter?

Speaker 4  12:21
Both Martin Gil SGPS, so the the parent company of the old group, and Martin Gil Africa, the parent company and the operational company for Africa, are based in Portugal. Let's now refocus in in Africa,

Speaker 3  12:41
so what what is the strategy that we have in Africa, and though the reason why we think we have a different business guide when compared with with that? First of all, we have created an institution institutional grade platform that is fully aligned with international standards, and these international standards are IFC performance standards that allow investments to be made into Africa through through selective investment. This is the reason why we have created this institutional great platform, is because our business, as I have described, for sovereigns, much dependent on the capacity that we have to arrange funding for the project. So we have created a platform that allow investors to look at it and invest through it. We have a Pan-African diversification of 15 countries. This allows us to to have an exposure to the continent, to the ups and downs of the continent, to political cycles of the continent that is very different from single country exposure. We have one thing that is very important. That is 80 years of interrupt experience in Africa, with three important numbers: zero defaults, zero warranties being called, and zero projects being cancelled. So our track record speaks by themselves, and this is only possible of doing that with the quality that we deliver to our project. Another angle that is very important for us is the order book and the quality of this order book. We have a 10 point 6 billion euros order book as of September 26, and this order book has three important characteristics that, or four important characteristics that we consider to de-risk Africa risk, and these characteristics are as follows: hard currency, meaning that 99% of our projects are hard currency denominated; cash flow offshore, 98% of our projects are resilient. In jurisdictions where there is free circulation of cash, we don't. In order to avoid cash entrapment in in countries where there is scarcity of FX, 99% of our projects are either financing if they are sovereign or with blue chip companies, so we don't get exposed to to local currency, we don't get exposed to cash entrapment, and we don't get any exposure to sovereigns or lower tier clients. Last, we have in terms of the inflation risk, that is a very hot topic not only in Africa but in the world today, a reset is very representative for contractors. We have a two-way approach to tackle inflation. One is through advance payments. Basically, we structure the funding to receive advance payments, and we pass them through to our suppliers. And by doing that, we fix the prices of our major supplies. And another one is to have price revision formulas in all of our contracts that protect us from inflation. Another point that is important is that is the way that we operate in the country. We have 25,000 people working with us, directly with us in the continent. These 25,000 people are spread by the 15 countries where we are present, and we want to have a combination of local relationship, of relationship and knowledge of local stakeholders, because this will allow us to understand better the risks that we face in each one of the countries where we are executing projects, and bring the respective mitigants to address those risks. But in other hand, we have the international capacity and international standards that we can bring to the table, and that capacity will attract investors to fund our projects. As the last point before going to to the verticals, it's as I said before, that is a very important point. That is the balanced portfolio management that we have. Considering the different characteristics of of the verticals, one that are capital intensive and the other ones that are low capital intensive, we have to be very attentive in terms of capital allocation. So we look for our portfolio business. We are look for our business on a portfolio basis, and if we have space to invest, don't we have space to invest? We have to invest in more low capital projects. So this is something that we evaluate on a on a weaker end. I would stop here and probably would pass to explaining in more details of verticals and what we do in each one of them? If you have any common question,

Speaker 2  18:07
I think mainly yes. The in terms of like capex, and we can go through it in each of the vertical. Just trying to understand what you need capex for and what your own funding, because obviously the projects are funded on the sovereign level. But your own funding, what is it needed for?

Speaker 4  18:29
We have the detail of capex figures later on. As you can see, for instance, 2024 it was 320 million. 2025 284 for 2026, we are forecasting around

Speaker 5  18:46
230.

Speaker 3  18:47
But the general response to capex is equipment,

Speaker 2  18:51
equipment,

Speaker 3  18:52
excavators, dampers, drills to execute projects, both engineering and construction, but more in the industrial engineering, that is capital intensive. When we say that it is capital intensive, is because it requires a significant level of equipment acquisition at the inception of the project. For you to understand how this works, industrial engineering basically we are working with mining contractors, tier one mining contractors, routine to Endeavour and all of these institutions, and we signed five to seven-year contract. And what is this contract? It is drilling, excavating, and transport ore from the mining pits until the industrial plant. We don't take any commodity risk. What we run is a big fleet of equipment that runs 24/7, 365 days. So it's a question of managing efficiently a fleet of equipment and their activities that that we are doing them. When we signed a project at inception of the project, imagine that is a. $500 million project for seven years. At inception of the project, we have to acquire it. This acquisition represents pretty much 20% of the total contract load. So, at inception of the project, we have to put an order to the supplier of the equipment, representing more or less 20% meaning 100 million in this in this example that will represent a peak of debt and and asset investment in moments. So even when we sign industrial engineering contract, we have peaks of debt that will only generate turnover, ABTDI, and free cash flow throughout the life of the contract, and the cash flow will be used to service the debt associated to those investments. So, but this is why we look at it on a portfolio basis, because you may sometimes have peaks of investments and peaks of net debt to EBITDA associated with assigning of projects that have not yet delivered any turnover free cash flow or ABTV,

Speaker 2  21:02
and in this case, the fact that you had zero defaults. I understand when you are signing your project with the sovereign, that's kind of multilateral development banks, or but then when you're signing with, let's say, Endeavour and so on, the kind of the client risk that you're taking, the ability of clients to pay you back, is that because you are kind of choosing good kind of clients, or like how are you avoiding defaults?

Speaker 3  21:32
We look if we look for our portfolio, we have private or public. If we look for public clients, all of the public clients we have financing a couple, so we don't take sovereign risk. If we look for private, we look for tier one company. And the tier one companies, we have two types of clients: one that is mining, that are mining companies, and another one that are engineering and construction clients of our activity for mining clients we are we target KU team to Endeavour Valle Ashanti also client sets we look for the credit rating of the of the counterparty and we are comfortable with the the numbers that that they they present and then on engineering construction, we are also targeting private clients, 01 clients, and these are Total Energy, Exxon Mobil, Qatar Airways, DP World, Creutin to also power the engineering construction. So these are the type of private clients with whom we deal.

Speaker 2  22:37
Okay.

Speaker 4  22:42
So again, here we have the four verticals: engineering, construction, industrial engineering, also known as contract mining, concessions, and circularity. We'll go one by one, but the key message here is this portfolio management that we do between a two-three year short short cycle like engineering construction, through five to seven industrial engineering concessions that usually go to 3040 years and circularity that we'll explain later on that it's also a 40 year business, starting with engineering construction.

Speaker 3  23:20
So engineering construction is the core business of the group. Is when the group is the business that the group has started 80 years ago. It represents for your for your reference 60% of our group, 64% of the 2025 turnover. So, it's still the biggest engine of the group, but we have also are investing in other areas with higher margins that also provide growth to them. Here we have again a public-private business. Public represents 38 percent, private 62 percent. Current order book as of June 5 billion. As of September, we have significant awards. This will jump to 7 billion. Was it jumped to 7 billion? The turnover 1.4 billion in terms of of turnover ABTDA very high margin comparable with with peers of 26% ABTDA margin representing, I would say, our strategy. That is, we are not here in Africa to fight for prices. We are here to deliver different type of projects. So we are delivering complex projects, high-end engineering projects from railways, bridges, dams, airports. with international standards. So we are not fighting with local contractors with lower tier standards, or with Chinese contractors with lower tier standards. That's not the game that we are playing, and we are very focused on that. And that's because this is not part of the strategy. As I said, we have. Never defaulted throughout eight years, so we cannot deliver some projects with quality, some projects with less quality. We will only deliver high standard projects, and this requires that we address the projects with higher margins, and this is translated in the numbers that that we can present today. We are the biggest engineering construction company in Africa. If you exclude Chinese companies, if you consider them, we are the six overall. This growth that we have put together in the business through a very complex period of COVID is because our strategy of origination that I explained before is paying its results, so basically we are in the continent doing, I would say, a different type of of strategy that that others are doing. We created a platform of attracting investment from international financial institutions, from development financial institutions. We have established partnerships with these institutions. IFC is an example of that, where where we have established partnership of cooperation with them to development infrastructures across Africa. They have they are also lenders on record of Mott and Gil, and for that, they have done an extensive due diligence on our projects, and they have attested that all of our projects work according to IFC performance standards. So this is the type of project that we like to deliver, and that we are providing to the to the country.

Speaker 4  26:40
On industrial engineering, we are the biggest service provider in Africa, number five worldwide. Again, so industrial engineering is doing the drilling, extraction, and transportation of of the ore. We only work with with the clients that we already mentioned, and the as of today, we have a back order book of 3.3 billion euro. In 2025, the total turn number was 700 million. What we forecast for the upcoming years is to reach around 1 billion and more or less stabilise on on those figures, with a bit the margin of 30%

Speaker 3  27:26
Let me just add one thing that is important, and this I would say the advantage of of our portfolio. In one hand, we have our collective engineering and construction with this type of, I would say I end project, I end big project, but what we have created in the portfolio is another three business units: contract mining, concessions, and circularity. That has characteristics that are very different from engineering and construction, and things that are good for us are three. They generate recurrent revenue because we contract revenue for, or contract mining seven years, or circularity 40 years, or concessions 30 years. They generate recurring cash flows either through the contract mining activity, either through dividends, and they have higher margins than engineering construction. If we look for contract mining, we have an EBTV margin of 30% Probably this is much higher compared with peers. Probably because it's because we are the biggest contract mining company. We have more leverage to negotiate with suppliers, as I mentioned to you. One important part of the cost raises is the equipment, and because of our size, we are able to tight prices of equipment. I would say more aggressively with the suppliers. But what this portfolio represents is a two-engine business model. In one hand, the engineering and construction that we always do, and we do different in the continent, and another different engine of the business model that is recurrency. That is something that is very important for the portfolio. So going to the third vertical, that is concessions. The way that we look for concession, we owe to like 10 concessions. These concessions vary from roads, airports to railways, always linked to transportation, and the characteristics of of our approach is we originate greenfield concessions similar to engineering and construction projects. We partnered with strategic investors that bring to the business additional value. I would say that a good example of this is is a. Investment in the very well-known Lubitsu corridor, where we are a co-investor with Trafigura in Lubitu corridor. Basically, we have a concession that connects the Lubitu port in Angola to the Angola border in DRC, and then we have another concession that connects the Angola border to the DRC Copper Vault region, and this concession will be to corridor concession behind its strategic value. This will generate a lot of things to us. This will generate cross-selling business for engineering construction, because the the construction of of the revamping of the railway line will be done by Malta. It will generate a no-and-m contract for 30 years throughout the life of the concession that will be done by motor. So recurrent revenue associated with the concession that will be done by motor, and will generate a lot of contract mining opportunities in the Copperbelt region of DRC because we are negotiating with all of the mining companies that sit in the DRC Copperbelt region to have track access to the concession, and one of the things that we put on the table is also to have access to the contract mining projects that these institutions are exploring there. One of the main partners with whom we are discussing probably will become a shareholder of the concession is Glencore that has significant interest in the DRC company. So is it

Speaker 2  31:30
mostly railway type concessions?

Speaker 3  31:35
The most relevant one is railway. We also have a platform for developing airports.

Speaker 2  31:40
Okay.

Speaker 3  31:41
So, airport we have three concessions of airports: one that is International Airport of Angola, and two Abuja Airport in Nigeria, and Kano Airport in Nigeria. In all of these airports, we have partnered up with a known company called Corporación America that is very experienced in managing small-scale airports in Europe and Latin America. So basically, here, what we look for the airport business is a business with a very interesting IRR that is a dollarized business with all other revenues coming from IATA clearing house in US home,

Speaker 2  32:26
but but this is are you when you are taking a concession at the airport are you building the airport or you are just or is it like ONM

Speaker 3  32:36
we are operating maintenance and revamping the airport.

Speaker 2  32:39
So there is some construction involved. Okay, so but basically there is a construction angle to everything, right? I mean, for the concessions as well.

Speaker 3  32:47
There is also always a cross-selling business to engineering and construction when we target the investment in a concession. The trigger that we have is that the investment, the EPC business has to be five times higher than the investment that we make in the concession.

Speaker 4  33:05
Then we partner up with partners that bring the expertise for the businesses also in airports with Coca-Cola America in the

Speaker 2  33:15
more on the operational side here rather than with Traffi Boura

Speaker 4  33:19
on the Lubito Corridor with Glencore and Lubito Corridor.

Speaker 2  33:22
But Trafigura is Trafigura is the partnership there is mostly because they are a customer. They are a trading

Speaker 3  33:32
company.

Speaker 2  33:33
So they are the customer of the products which is used or which is produced there. So I guess that's the big guarantee of

Speaker 3  33:40
take agreements. Yeah, right through their offtake contracts with the mining company.

Speaker 2  33:45
Yeah, okay.

Speaker 3  33:46
They are one of the of the biggest in the world trading companies of minerals. And Glencore, why that we are targeting them for the ruby to form concession is because they own the biggest mines, excluding Chinese in DMZ.

Speaker 2  34:01
Right. So

Speaker 3  34:01
basically, what you want to bring these investors into the lobby to is to guarantee that offtake agreements. I guarantee that inception of the project, and then we don't have traffic risk.

Speaker 2  34:12
Okay. Yeah.

Speaker 4  34:15
Moving to circularity. Circularity is a new business, and it's it shows that since we are present in 50 countries with local presence in each one of them, we are capable of finding and looking for new opportunities. So this is a diversifying of the business that we have as of today. So it's a new business. We manage 500. hectares of land, namely Malawi and and Angola, and we have an agreement with Trafigura to offtake the carbon credits that will be generated in the in this in this land. We are managing the. Reforestation and conservation of the of the native forest that on these on these actors.

Speaker 2  35:08
Does Africa trade the carbon credits there? That's why they're interested. They will. They will do

Speaker 3  35:13
two things: trade and use for their

Speaker 2  35:18
own. Understood. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker 3  35:22
Going to a little bit on more detail on Mottingil Africa platform that is also important for you to understand.

Speaker 4  35:33
I know if you have any question before moving to the next chapter. Let's say.

Speaker 2  35:37
Yeah, no, I think that's fine. Yeah, we can move to the next section.

Speaker 3  35:42
So, Mot NGL Africa, beyond being the financing platform of the Africa business, it is also an operating company on a standalone basis through its branches. It has 600 million euros of turnover, standalone basis. So, they the company has operating substance

Speaker 2  36:07
page 16.

Speaker 3  36:15
Another angle is it's beyond these 600 million standalone turnover through its branches. Mottingil Africa is the collection platform of the group. It means that 98% of the proceeds of the cash flows executed are received in Mott Angela Africa bank accounts, meaning that out of the 2.2 billion of turnover that was executed in 98% of the two-point the two-point-2 billion turnover that was executed in 2025 was received the cash in Mottingil Africa.

Speaker 2  36:55
Sorry, just to follow it properly, this one, the Motangel Africa, the 600 million turnover, that includes the all the verticals that you mentioned, but only for Africa, right?

Speaker 3  37:11
No,

Speaker 2  37:11
no. So these numbers that I've just seen, that is for

Speaker 3  37:16
this is Motangel Africa consolidated,

Speaker 2  37:19
consolidated and

Speaker 3  37:20
600 standalone,

Speaker 2  37:22
600 standalone. Okay. Yeah.

Speaker 3  37:25
How Mottingilovka is structured? Motion Gilafki is structured through two ways: branches, subs. Motinjelaki incorporated in Portugal. It has branches and subs.

Speaker 2  37:37
Okay. The

Speaker 3  37:37
revenue of the branches is consolidated for the standalone basis of Motten Gila.

Speaker 2  37:44
Okay.

Speaker 3  37:44
Is is this 600 years?

Speaker 2  37:46
Okay. The

Speaker 3  37:47
revenue of the subs will only consolidate on the consolidated figures of Mottinger Lab. Is the ones that you saw fly

Speaker 2  37:55
in

Speaker 3  37:57
in this

Speaker 2  37:58
one. Okay, fine. So this is essentially your opco, right? And then the the other ones are your partnerships and whatnot. What we

Speaker 3  38:04
are saying is that the Holdco Mottinger Africa also have operation substance. It's not only a holding because it also has 600 million.

Speaker 2  38:15
Got it. Got it. Got it. Fine. Okay. It

Speaker 3  38:17
receives 98% of the cash flow of the overall group, and this means that we receive in Mott Angela Africa bank account cash flow from the subs because we structure the funding of the project to be collect offshore. Nine, it guarantees, it works as a supervision control and guarantees that 99% of the projects are hard currency denominator, and through Mottingil Africa, you will have access to an international platform that is reported according to IFRS, that is according to international standards, and it has a presence in 15 countries. So basically, one operating platform, one financing interface, and one credit scheme. Okay. The page 17 before, just to explain how we are funding the business and the funding pool that we have. That are currently three. One is DFIs, and we use DFIs both to funding support, balance sheet support, but also to funding our projects, funding the sovereigns, as we were describing before. We also have relationship with Pan African financial institutions to essentially RCX and trading facilities, being guarantees or lenders of credit. We also have export credit agency as a as a funding pool because they support us on bias credit facilities or equipment, but are also lenders of our projects, and we are now assessing as a strategic milestone to come to to capital markets. To having access to an additional pool of liquidity for strategic growth of the company.

Speaker 6  40:11
Yeah.

Speaker 3  40:14
So in terms of, I would go just to pass through just to slide 19 just to explain one thing, if you can go to Slide and Jin just to explain one thing, we have at Mottingil Africa a clear corporate credit perimeter. Basically, the majority of our lenders sit pari passo at Mottingil Africa level. We have a set of covenants that is equal to all of the lenders, so basically, to guarantee that everyone is at Paripass. So the majority of funding is structured at Mott Angel Africa, but the majority of the collections and cash flow is also generated at Mottinger Africaland.

Speaker 2  41:03
Yeah.

Speaker 3  41:04
So if you don't have further questions, we will pass to the financial information just to provide you some highlights.

Speaker 2  41:10
Yeah.

Speaker 4  41:13
So on slide 21, we have some some financial highlights. So the order book as of today's, for Mottingil for the African business is 10.5 billion. It has grown significantly in the in the in the past years with the with this APC plus F strategy. The turnover last year was 2.2 billion. What we forecast for this year is to reach the 2.4, and to reach in 2030 2.7 billion. It's also important to highlight that most of this growth is already contracted under the 10.5 billion that we have in Northern Group. In terms of EBITDA margin, in 2025 it was 27 percent, so almost 600 million. What we have here in terms of forecasting is we are not, as I believe we already mentioned, since we have a two-way mitigate strategy when tackling inflation. When we, when there is inflation, we actually increase our margin since we have the costs locked and we can increase through price revision formulas the the the amount of revenue. We are not anticipating that in in our forecast. That's why we are considering a lower margin. In terms of capex, in in recent years there were big investments in terms of industrial engineering. So new contracts were signed, and therefore big investments in equipment for for these industrial engineering contracts, what we anticipate on the upcoming years is these figures to be considerably lower, since what we are forecasting is to enter only two new contracts of mining in the next five years. Net debt debit we have reached 1.5 times in 2025, and what we forecast is to decrease during during this year. And equity to assets we have reached 23% in 2025, and will continue to grow organically in.

Speaker 3  43:44
Important message here. Sorry to interrupt. That we have been capable of combining 2.5 times growth during this five-year period with aligned with growth and deleveraging at the same page, if you see, this is something that it's only possible because we have within place a structure of funding the projects that allow us to generate cash flow on a recurring.

Speaker 2  44:15
What's your average cost of debt financing now?

Speaker 3  44:19
We have to separate between two. One that is local currency debt that we have for working capital purposes in in the markets, and this is much higher because it's local currency in IRAs, kuances, and all of these. If we look for hard currency that we have two things: the transactions that we are currently close and close last year, the spreads go between 300 and 400 bits, and we have transactions that will mature next year that we have spreads between 400 and 400. 450 bips, because we have improved the credits of the company. When you look for these numbers, we have been able to tighten the prices because the strategy has been increased.

Speaker 2  45:12
And what's the average tenor for the ones which you mentioned, the 400 spread?

Speaker 3  45:16
The 300 to 400. Yeah, it's five years.

Speaker 2  45:19
Five years. Okay. Okay. That's good.

Speaker 4  45:29
We have here more details some figures. I don't know. I think

Speaker 2  45:35
no. I mean, in terms of essentially, what's your kind of the funding needs for the coming years?

Speaker 3  45:41
Okay, Basically, the required of funding for the company is to fund capex because our strategy is to fund capex with debt. I would say that we will need also some working capital funding because we are predicting growth. So, so with growth, we will need some working capital funding between now and 2030. But basically, the way that we are looking for this another pool of liquidity is something that it's strategic because it will give access to another pool of liquidity. The existing lenders are willing to provide more funding to the business. What we think is, as a diversification strategy, it makes all the sense to open another pool of liquid. We don't have any stress to go to the capital markets. It's part of our strategy. We are assessing if it is make sense or not to go at the current timing, with the second, with the current terms and conditions that the market has, our view is we don't want to go above the current conditions that we have with the existing lenders. So, if there is appetite from the market to do that, I think for us it it makes sense to open another pool of liquid.

Speaker 2  47:02
So, what's the size that you are looking for?

Speaker 3  47:05
So, in terms of size, we are looking between 200, 300,

Speaker 2  47:08
and dollars or yours?

Speaker 3  47:11
No preference.

Speaker 2  47:12
Okay, fine.

Speaker 3  47:13
And in terms of timing, our internal timeline is to make a decision until the end of the month, current month.

Speaker 2  47:21
Okay.

Speaker 3  47:22
And then, being so, the objective is to close if the response is yes, is too close by yet.

Speaker 2  47:28
Okay. So, so essentially, let's say you're looking for $300 million, and that kind of funds your capex and your working capital. And what's your cutoff as to at what level you don't want to come to the capital markets, and but I can phrase it differently. What's the highest kind of yield in dollars that you're paying for your funding from the various kind of PCAs and and the other sources that you have currently got in dollars?

Speaker 3  48:02
The proposal that we have is a spread of currently 300, 350. It depends.

Speaker 2  48:10
350. That's that's over because over so far

Speaker 3  48:15
it's over Univer because this okay that's over Unilever.

Speaker 2  48:18
Yeah. So because I guess for us it's like all in yield euro bar. I don't know what that translates into dollar equivalent yield. Where is euro bar now? It's like dollar asset. Yeah, do dollar equivalent yield. I mean, we can we can do euro equivalent fixed yield as well. Eight max in dollars, you reckon, or is it euro? Because then it will be dollar. Okay. Yeah.

Speaker 3  48:57
Euro now is 295

Speaker 2  49:02
three. plus four seven. That's in euros. So seven plus 292, 100 basis points or 160 around that. Swaps 160. No. At 160. Using

Speaker 3  49:20
euros is more or less six 656.

Speaker 2  49:26
650 is is around eight. Yeah, 650 is around eight. Okay. Okay. Understood. Okay. Yeah, but but you have got a very fixed kind of timeline in terms of like wanting to issue in the market, or the decision is going to be made, but your

Speaker 3  49:49
the decision will be made until the end of the of the month. Okay, the compromise that I have with the board.

Speaker 2  49:57
Okay, understood.

Speaker 3  49:58
Depending on the terms that. The volatility of the markets, we will not close at wider terms because we don't have requirement to raise cash. No, I think we will not close.

Speaker 2  50:10
Yeah, I think no, I think I think definitely that's a sensible thing to do, right? Because essentially, with your existing lenders as well, you don't want to showcase, and then now I'm borrowing at a higher rate elsewhere, so so it definitely doesn't make any much sense. But then, if on the Africa, I guess so. I mean, I'm I'm a kind of EM dedicated investor. So basically, I think mostly in kind of our what's my country of risk, so essentially your country of risk. I don't know what would be the biggest Africa country,

Speaker 3  50:49
Nigeria.

Speaker 2  50:50
Nigeria. So this will come under Nigeria. So that's

Speaker 3  50:53
but don't forget that we don't have sovereign export.

Speaker 2  50:56
Yeah,

Speaker 3  50:57
because we cannot deviate. Or or Sembi,

Speaker 2  51:03
would it come under Sembi? If it's Sembi, they need to put they'll put it in some

Speaker 6  51:08
country. Yeah,

Speaker 2  51:09
if it's Sembi, then what would be their country of risk? Because that makes a huge difference. The

Speaker 3  51:15
way that we look for the business and outside the, it's a technical point. It's an

Speaker 6  51:22
index.

Speaker 1  51:22
It's an index.

Speaker 2  51:23
Yeah, index index point because it's essentially Sembi. It's your the biggest kind of revenue generating country, or sometimes there is like the headquartered one for the Africa business essentially, if if if the headquarter or whatever it goes to Portugal, then it doesn't come into Sembi. So it has to be something in Africa, and if it is something in Africa, then essentially headquarter

Speaker 6  51:54
is Portugal. Yeah. So so

Speaker 2  51:57
it's not going to be headquarter based to be independently, and

Speaker 6  51:59
if if we end up depends what we do, right? If you if you end up doing a private transaction, because it's maybe private or public, we we don't know yet. If it's private, it doesn't even go to semi. Correct. Correct. So if if it's not, yeah, if you do

Speaker 2  52:11
private, then that's that's quite different.

Speaker 6  52:13
Even if it does, it's such as no issuance. Why does it gonna really gonna change your portfolio index that much in the two?

Speaker 2  52:23
No, no. I mean, not from my portfolio management point of view. It's more thinking that let's say if it comes to Sambia, which country it comes under, and then essentially your prior group or whoever is going to be those countries. I mean, that that that is not to say that you can trade you can't trade tighter, but it's like okay. So I start with my Nigerian companies first, and then then you are saying that okay, depending on that you you can price them tighter and so on. So essentially, five year, 8% is kind of like the number that you're looking for, right, in dollars, which is, which is kind of, yeah. I mean, it's.

Speaker 6  53:07
I mean, let's see what we get to, but it's it's a lot. It could be even higher.

Speaker 2  53:13
Yeah, yeah. Of course, of course. No, I'm kind of using using that. Yeah, I mean, it's it's it's possible. Sorry.

Speaker 3  53:26
Because I would say that current software, I would say it stays at around 360.

Speaker 2  53:32
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's, it's. I mean, it's. It's definitely, it's definitely within within kind of like your expectation and so on. It's a matter of like the price sensitivity around it. So I would say that

Speaker 3  53:48
it will be more close in dollars of 700 than

Speaker 2  53:53
it's 7% Then yeah, 8% Yeah, because the

Speaker 3  53:55
software at 360 with a spread of 350, it's more or less 700.

Speaker 2  54:01
Yeah, so in the in that in that range, yeah, it's in that group, yeah. It's kind of the your, yeah. I mean it's basically just comes down to like a pricing consideration and so on. So I don't know how how you guys are thinking about coming or let's say you're planning to do like a roadshow coming with a private deal or

Speaker 6  54:40
we'll put that album at Otro. Yeah, if you don't mind doing some work and looking at it and just giving us kind of a little bit feedback as to what you think with actual numbers down. Yeah, yeah, sure, sure. Like finger crunching, and then I'll buzz you. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Sure. Sure.

Speaker 2  55:01
Sure.

Speaker 6  55:01
And then just give me, you know, I mean, so far is in the four, so you know what their target is.

Speaker 2  55:07
Yeah.

Speaker 6  55:07
And just let me know if that's something that would fit your portfolio or not.

Speaker 2  55:10
Yeah. Fair enough. Fair enough. Sounds good.

Speaker 3  55:15
Very good. Thank you very much. Perfect. Thank

Speaker 2  55:17
you very much.

Speaker 3  55:18
Please feel free to read.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai