Speaker 1  00:00
Set of results, strong financial performance, and you know that has afforded us to, you know, obviously because it's the first reporting period against the refresh strategy. It's given us the opportunity to to highlight you know where we are in terms of the refresh strategy, but safety, you know, I think from that perspective, the team is doing a great job. Regrettably, we did have three fatalities, and you know we are we are still heavily committed to to seeing how we you know eliminate fatalities within our operations during this period, and and you know I think that's something that the CI also wanted to point out. It's not only about fatalities, but you know we've also lost employees through crime to safety safety, to security officers, and then another lawyer. Lawyer, you know, so crime is is as big a problem, but you know we've got limited input on that side. What we can control is is around the safety aspects. So revenue was up more than 60% EBITDA more than 100% record cash flows, and that that is a focus. Not only the cash flows, but cash conversion. Historically, we've had great EBITDA, but you know, low cash conversion. So that's something we're driving. Declared a dividend between seven and 8% depending on you know which period you are looking at. We've reduced our gross debt by 18% The target is 50, and then we've started to fund some of our organic growth projects. Most notably, there are the SAPGM ones. So there were three that were approved during this half and that are started. The fourth one is k4, which has been around a long time, but we're now getting to the back end of that, and then Burnstone and Mount Lyle. Burnstone the gold project, and Mount Lyell, the copper gold project in Tasmania. So yeah, I think with that as maybe as as a bit of background to to the first half of the year. Happy if we then jump into Q and I.

Speaker 2  02:29
Should we maybe start from these projects, capex? What's the timeline? How much you want to spend on that benefit? Did you plan to to get from these?

Speaker 1  02:40
Yeah. So I mean, if if you look at at the projects, so so the PGM projects, we've got a production profile and the do nothing scenario for PGMs as we go from 1.8 million ounces in South Africa to about a million ounces in I would say seven to 10 years. So first and foremost, those projects is to arrest the decline and then to stabilise at about one and a half million ounces for SAPGM. You know, if you look at at the PGM projects, so so the capex is around two and a half billion each for for those PGM projects, Sipumalele. I must just get the right terminology here because there's so many of them. So it's Sipumale and Timbulani, and you know, like I say, it's about two two and a half billion of capex each, and you know that that already starts arresting some of that decline. k4 is 99% complete. The other projects is is then Burnstone. Burnstone is about a 6 billion capex, of which two and a half billion of that is pre production capex, three and a half billion is actual project capex, and then Mount Lyell-that's a $350 million capex build. So where do we see the capex going forward? We we think it's in the order of about 20 billion rand per annum, $1.3 billion, and that's half split between sustaining capex, and the other half is then project capex. The Bonestone project is, you know, if you if you look at it, it's probably one of the top projects within the portfolio, and you know it is driven off commodity prices, but it's got a 19 billion rand NPV. Mount Lyle about 9k 417, so so yeah, very very strong projects.

Speaker 3  04:57
On the free cash flow, can you just walk us through like the working capital side of it because it was inflow, right? And then is it was it something which you did before that resulted in for now?

Speaker 1  05:12
Yeah, so I mean, working capital is is not an easy one within our portfolio because of you know the the big recycling business that we've got, so you know that's all driven off of volumes through the facility, and those those volumes are also directly linked. Not the volumes, the the I would say the the working capital pricing of those is also linked directly to commodity prices because you know, effectively, if prices are high, then the cost at which we acquire that material is also high. There's that direct correlation. So, so we've had we've seen a steady build-up in working capital as commodity prices have moved up, and now you know in the second quarter we did see commodity prices come down from its highs. You know, gold at north of 5000, platinum at one stage $2,800. So that's normalised. So that has also, you know, increased the working capital release. And then we've also implemented that metal consignment line in in the U.S. where some of those are physically settled and some of those are cash settled, so that also had an impact on working capital. But I'd say the biggest one behind the working capital is around, you know, just the commodity prices around recycling.

Speaker 2  06:42
And can you give us an update on the US PGM operations?

Speaker 1  06:47
So the employees are still striking. They now into their second week, and and I'll take a step back. You know, when we look at our US PGM operations stay at about $1,350 an ounce, all in sustaining cost. Prices are there about you know some days more, some days less. I'm not sure it's today, probably 1300. So for us to build a sustainable business in the U.S. we we said to the team that we had to get to $1,000 an ounce, all in sustaining cost, and the team has done a lot of work around that. So the plan is is hinges on on well, it's it's it's built on three pillars. The one is new fleet, so it's bigger fleet and it's more mechanised, and and and we've tested the fleet. We know that that we can get the production uplift. So it's roughly about a 30% uplift, because you're working bigger ends, tonnes per man go up, etc. So from that perspective, we tick that box. The second part was looking at the mining sequencing, and and there, you know, part of that was addressing the incentive that the miners own. Currently, the miners are the only real people that benefit from the incentive. You know, historically they've they've been the kings within the operation, and probably rightfully so because, I mean, they do play a very important part, but what we've seen is that they they have looked at their working areas in isolation. So for them, it's all about breaking the tonnes because that's where the delivery or that's where the incentive kicks in. It ignores you know the maintenance, it ignores the cleaning, it ignores you know everything that goes in this value chain. So part of the negotiations that we've had with them is to revise that incentive, to look at it more on a team basis rather than on an individual basis, and they are dead against it. Unfortunately, the parties we are negotiating are ex-miners and current miners, so there's no other voices that comes into that. So, our still water operation and the metallurgical facilities on strike. East Boulder is still producing, and we are still we continue to talk to them. We we don't know where that'll end up, whether they will go on a strike or not. But they seem to be a lot more receptive about what we are discussing with him. What we did leading up to the strike was we built a stockpile, so we are treating the stockpile, which means that we can still process some recycling or autocatalyst recycling. And whilst is Boulder still producing that's additional feed? Now you know. Should East Boulder stop producing, we'll probably run out of stockpile by December, which means that we'll then have to turn off the auto cat recycling in in Columbus. It doesn't affect our other two facilities, the one in North Carolina and one in Pennsylvania. They're not part of of this setup, and then the third pillar was basically around a little bit more development because we are going to move faster through the mine. We need to open up some more flexibility and development. Cash burn currently is estimated at about $10 million per month, but that's while we have the stockpile. Once that stockpile is cleared, and we estimate that sometime in December, cash burn goes to about $25 million per month. How much, sir? 2525. Now we've looked at you know historically how strikes went in the U.S. So our employees get paid every two weeks. So in the first two weeks, you know they don't really feel the impact. After two weeks, they don't get any salary anymore, and then they we know that our employees have also borrowed against their pension funds, the 401k, and then those loans then start being called because they're not repaying them. So they then go into default, and that's around the two month mark. So, so we think it's either two weeks, two months, and if it goes beyond two months, then it's got potential to to carry on for a much longer period, because I mean, then they've effectively lost what what they could gain out of the strike, and you know, then then what drives them? They have reached out to us. You know, they have asked for a meeting tomorrow, so we'll have to see what the outcome of that is. But I think importantly, yes.

Speaker 1  11:42
I mean, it's it's not ideal. We we are losing $40 million in four months, and you know it can be a potentially big number if this goes on for a very long period of time. But you know, I think from overall contribution, the U.S. is relatively small, specifically because where the cost is, what the revenue basket is, at best they break even. So, so, but you know, we we won't have a mine into the future if we can't get them to $1,000 an ounce. So even if we get $1,600 an ounce today, and their cost is 1350, it means that for a short period of time we'll be profitable, but from about 2829, we've got two massive tailings dams that need to go up for one for East Boulder and one for Stillwater, and that's about $350 million. So what we are saying is to build this sustainable mining to the future. You know, if we can't get to 1000, we can't spend that capex. We can't continue to to fund loss making operations, and the other part is, if you do mine profitably to that point, you have to stop and then spend a lot of capex without any revenue being generated. So you know, from our interactions, they get it, but as I say, they're all not willing to move on this incentive, and you know the incentive is a big part of setting the mine up, creating that team environment, and creating that mining cycle that we require.

Speaker 3  13:15
There is some tax credit there as well. Yes, it's

Speaker 1  13:18
the section 45x tax credit. Now that it's a legislated, it's not a. It's a section 45x. It's called a production tax credit. So that went quiet for a while. We submitted our tax returns for 23, 24 because of the size that went to Washington. It's now sitting with the IRS. The IRS have notified us that they are now looking at the 2023 tax return, and you know we met with the accountants and the engineers, and you know they've said that they'll. It's now in process, so we do think that that's going to be a bit painful the first one, but we think that thereafter, you know, 2425, should be smoother.

Speaker 3  14:05
What what is the amount?

Speaker 1  14:07
So 2324, is $200 million, and you know, then it's probably another 120 per annum thereafter. So 25 will be 120, and then this year also probably 120,

Speaker 3  14:23
but this year it will be less if it's not operational, right? Or

Speaker 1  14:26
yeah, yeah, yeah, because it's linked to the cost of production.

Speaker 2  14:30
But this is sorry, this is cash that you will receive. Yes, first

Speaker 1  14:37
five years as cash. Thereafter, you know you have to thereafter it gets offset against the taxes you pay, and then the last because it's got a 10-year life. Then the last three years, so that's must now just work back 3230, and 29. That'll be it steps down, so it goes 7550, 25, and then zero.

Speaker 2  15:05
So you should receive 200 million, sorry, 100 million, I guess, for 23 next year.

Speaker 1  15:12
Yeah, I mean, we're not we're not sure the timeline on that, but you know, we we had hoped that it would have been in this year, but you know the the the team that we engaged with says you know they they are working on it, but they can't say exactly how long it'll

Speaker 2  15:30
be. The interior should be let's say 100 million related to 2023 in one year, and then 100 million. Yeah, so it's 120

Speaker 1  15:37
for 2023. It's 90 for 2024, and then I think it was 120 for 2025. So hopefully, you know, if we can get the first one through, I think then the others will flow relatively easy after that, because it's on the same basis.

Speaker 2  16:11
And going back to the strikes, how confident you are that this will be solved relatively quickly?

Speaker 1  16:18
We are not confident because we don't know, you know where is the breaking point, or or the common sense point for for the union. I think what what we have realised is you know even if it's over quickly, I think some some people would have moved on. You know they they will look for other opportunities. So it does mean that we might have a period where we'll have to rebuild some of the labour force. No, no, not significantly, but we are aware that we might lose X percent of people in the process. Some people who just say can't work for this, or I don't want to work for this.

Speaker 2  16:53
Can can I don't know? Can you, if they strike for a long time, can you replace them? Would you work for this willing and then reopen the mine? Yeah,

Speaker 1  17:02
so there's there's two ways in which they can declare a strike. Now they're saying we terminated negotiations early, and on that basis they declared a strike. We are saying no; they are declaring a strike based on economic reasons, because and and you know we've had a lawyer with us all throughout to make sure that we follow due process. Now, if it's for economic reasons, we can replace them with contractors. If it's for an unfair process, which they claim, and it's clear it's definitely not the case, then we can't replace them.

Speaker 2  17:42
So you're still trying to figure out which one of the two is.

Speaker 1  17:45
Well, we're still hoping to have it resolved speedily, because you know if you bring contractors in, you know it's not just. I mean Montana is pretty isolated. You know contractors will have to come in. They they will ask for an extended period. It's not just a week or two or so. So depending on where the strike goes, you know, then we can reassess that.

Speaker 2  18:12
And is this changing your investment needs and plans for the asset? Like fourth case, would that have any kind of repercussion? Maybe I don't know. Spend less and try to reserve more capital in the cash break.

Speaker 1  18:27
Now,

Speaker 2  18:27
yeah, yeah, I think goes on for a long time. Yeah, I mean we'll

Speaker 1  18:30
we'll have to see how you know what is the the maximum. We'll probably slow down. Well, not slow down. We'll stop the assets. You'll have a few salaried employees that will still be paid, so that's that's all you can do. You won't spend any capex, very little opex. Those are the levers that's available to you.

Speaker 2  18:53
If you want to place the my own karim maintenance, is that more expensive than keeping it open?

Speaker 1  19:00
For a short period of time, you'll just stop everything and close the doors. But for an extended period of time, you will need people to come and turn the mole once a week, and you know make sure that you know infrastructure is still in in good nick. So, care and maintenance is is is a it's got a cost with it. It's not a significant cost.

Speaker 2  19:24
How much was that of like contribution to guitar? The U.S.

Speaker 1  19:31
That's a good question. Let me just quickly get that. It wasn't a significant amount. I think our USPGMs it was 1 billion EBITDA on I think it was 19 for the group, so it's about 5%

Speaker 2  19:57
That's the whole USPGM, but then only the still water is a disclosure now, right?

Speaker 1  20:03
Yeah.

Speaker 2  20:03
So that one is what 50% of the.

Speaker 1  20:05
No, I would say still water is probably about 70% 70% East Boulder would be about 30.

Speaker 2  20:22
And the 25 million per month cash burn will be from January once.

Speaker 1  20:26
Yes,

Speaker 2  20:27
let's understand. So once also, East Boulder could be.

Speaker 1  20:30
If East Boulder goes in stock, if East Boulder continues, you know, we'll probably be at about this 1010, $15 mark.

Speaker 3  20:52
There was the lithium project. Can you just remind remind us the what the status of you say there is like, it's is it operational now or being? It's

Speaker 1  21:05
partly operational. So for the Kiliba lithium project, we we looked at a phased ramp up. So the mining is started and the mining is going well. The next phase was to start the concentrator, and that's that's going well from a runtime perspective. Team is now actively engaged in getting the grade of the concentrate up, so that's the the metallurgy behind it. At that point in time, we'll have to assess whether we start the refinery or not. Once we can produce a salable spodumene concentrate at the concentrator, and if we don't have clear line of sight on the refinery startup, you know at least that'll bring in some revenue at a 30 40% margin. The decision around the refinery is really around the impact that the Chinese can have on on the overall market, Specifically around you know prices up, prices down, and you know they can potentially you know and again so let's take a step back operationally. If you start a refinery, you want to run it. You know if you have to stop it and you've put chemicals through it to take all of that out becomes expensive, becomes corrosive, you know, all of that. So it's not great for a refinery to start and then having to stop it. So, so we we are saying that today's prices makes absolute sense, but we don't know what the future prices is and what the impact of the Chinese can be. I mean, they can overnight they can kill this project.

Speaker 3  22:42
But but this is the price is I mean it's just recently has gone up now. Yeah yeah. So before that it was yeah it was down to

Speaker 1  22:50
$10,000 a tonne, and recently it went to 20, and it's probably at about 18 or about. So so the decision around the refinery will be taken later in the year. We are still engaging with, you know, some of the policy makers in Europe to say that this project was built all around the European battery supply chain, and now we we at a point where we have to start the project, but there's no European support for it. So we are looking at possibly local content requirements. So Kilibur can deliver 15% of the European lithium. So maybe policymakers can say, well, there needs to be a 15% content for European lithium, or the other ones to say that there's a price floor, you know, for for European lithium, and you know, hopefully that that gets us to a little bit more line of sight for us to start up the refinery. But as I say, you know, we've taken the risk out of it, and clearly there's higher margin in getting to a refined product, but at least you know we won't be producing material that we can't sell, even at the spodumen concentrate level. So, and as Richard said, you know we're not going to start up a project and run it at a loss, you know, just because it's a flagship project in Europe. If we have to slow it right down, we'll do it. We've got that flexibility. Also, one of our partners-well, not one of our partner at Calibres, the Finnish government through the Finnish Minerals Group-and and you know they are also actively aware of what our requirements are, so they are also working side by side with us. But the wheels there, unfortunately, turns a bit slow. You know, they they are talking about critical minerals and stockpiles and things like that, but they haven't really moved like the U.S. So so hopefully hopefully we get there.

Speaker 2  24:55
And why the sudden worry from on prices from is there like a surge of No,

Speaker 1  25:04
but they can. I mean, so so they they they did flood the market, you know, specifically around, and I think it was that cattle mine, which they've closed now. You know, prices went right down to 8000. You know, they they've got the the refining capacity sits in sits in China, and you know so they they control that whole lithium market. And for them, it's it's less about a price and more about securing you know the material. So if they have to produce more, they do it because a lot of the things are subsidised there. So so yeah, I mean that's that's the worry. It's not, I mean the price is good today. If if if that was a price outlook, you know, into the foreseeable future, I think the decision is fairly quick. But but we are just consciously aware of what they can do.

Speaker 2  26:01
What do you expect capex to be in 27?

Speaker 1  26:05
Yeah, so I would say 27 is probably flat with with with this year. So I would say about 20 20 billion round, or about one 1.3 $1.4 billion.

Speaker 2  26:24
So now you're generating a lot of cash, and other than dividends, you're thinking about M and A.

Speaker 1  26:30
No, no, no M and A. I mean, the the focus is is dividend. It's the debt reduction, and then it's the organic brownfields projects. So it's those PGM projects that we've got in the pipeline. It's the Burnstone Gold project, and then the Mount Lyell copper project in Tasmania, and that's that's the focus for now. You know, we we we need to create a base that's sustainable into the future. After you know, and we we did say it's about three years of consolidation, and thereafter, you know, depending on where the balance sheet is, where our projects are, we can always consider at a point in time we want to grow. You know, I mean, that's that's who we are. But you know, we've been through a period of aggressive growth. It's now time to consolidate that, stabilise, and then from there we can build. But but it's it's a it's a three-year process.

Speaker 2  27:27
And then now you have a two euro bonds, the convertible,

Speaker 1  27:32
and then the calibre debt.

Speaker 2  27:33
And the calibre debt. So what's your plan for reducing that? And what's plan line?

Speaker 1  27:38
So convert convert will well based on prices today, it's got extremely high probability of converting end of the year. This year, so that's another 500 out, and then what's left is the is the 31 calibre, and I don't think those are the ones that we'll that we'll look at. Probably we'll look at the first maturity, which is the 20 nines, and to see if we can reduce that further. But that's all going to be subject to the cash demand.

Speaker 3  28:14
So, in in terms of a total debt number, have you got a target?

Speaker 1  28:20
Yeah. So we said a 50% reduction. So we started on about 2.2 billion. So I would say around a billion mark is is I would say the first step for us. Then we'll have to assess our capital allocation priorities. You know, we'll Sheldon's already saying, well, you should pay us more. We've got projects that are hungry for capex, so you know it'll be a balance. But I think if we get to that 50% we'll be in a very strong position, and then we can see. You know, maybe I don't know. It'll be a much reduced number, but I'm pretty sure, you know, that I would still like to do something around it. You know, to continuously just chip away at it.

Speaker 3  29:04
So, but that's that's 1 billion target is like over two to three years. Yeah, that's rather. But

Speaker 1  29:09
I must say, you know, I mean, we've done 17, 18% in the first half of this year. I I do think that by potentially by the end of next year we can be there. So that'll be two years then. That includes

Speaker 2  29:21
the convert. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  29:24
Because if you think about the convert, you know this year we've taken 400 out already. It was the the bonds and the RCF converts another 500. So then you're 900. So you only need another 200 to get there. Now you know I'm not going to take 200 out of the 20 nines, because that leaves something that's ridiculously small and very illiquid. You know, it's it's all or nothing, or much. You know, maybe taking it down to I don't know 403, 50 ish, but it's either around there or all of it.

Speaker 2  30:00
Basically, you may be left at that point just with one bond, euro bonds, 30 ones, to pay 29 in cash,

Speaker 3  30:20
And the mine closures, like the the reserve, like the I think there was one in South Africa, right? The Kluf, yeah.

Speaker 1  30:34
So so Kluf Kluf is, well, according to our reserve declaration, Kluuf's got zero reserves because we declared a much lower price. However, at spot prices, you know we see that we can still run the operation from year to year, so that's why we are operating them this year. And it looks like if we can secure a price floor of about 2.4 million rand a kilo, you know that we can probably extend that life with a further two, maybe three years, which will be great from I think one a social perspective. It's not going to make money. You know, it'll probably wash its face. Maybe contribute a little bit. The big one is that you know you will probably still employ 7000 people for a further three years, but it'll also carry a share of overheads. And we are busy addressing the overheads. We're busy with a major reengineering on that, but it buys you the time to to tackle those overheads.

Speaker 3  31:36
Within closing, it costs money to for the environmental.

Speaker 1  31:40
Yeah, but on the environmental front, you know, we we probably only need another 300 million for cloth.

Speaker 3  31:47
Okay, you know, so

Speaker 1  31:48
it's cash provided. It's I would say 80 85% provided.

Speaker 3  31:54
Okay, fine.

Speaker 1  31:55
And then and then there's obviously separation cost of the employees, but as Burnstone ramps up, there's some employees that can move there. You have natural attrition, so at the end of the day, it's not a big, you know, retrenchment cost that you'll have to incur. The other one that was also recently in the news was Quazi. You know, it's a mine at at Rustenburg or Shaft, they are just effectively at the end of their life, and we've engaged with unions to say that we are closing that. That's about 800 affected employees,

Speaker 3  32:36
but that doesn't cost anything on the environmental side or

Speaker 1  32:38
no. No, I mean those those you know, there's also a party that's interested in that shaft because there is, you know, a chrome project nearby that that you know they might potentially want to look at that. But I mean, our rehab is pretty much you know, well in terms of life of shafts and all of that, it's pretty close to provided where it should be.

Speaker 2  33:05
Can I ask you the EBIT contribution of all these new projects, Mount Blives, and also Calibre now at this prices? Can you estimate that pretty much incrementally?

Speaker 1  33:18
I I wouldn't have that offhand. I can I can I can make a note and I can get that. Yeah, just

Speaker 2  33:23
ask it for us.

Speaker 1  33:25
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 2  33:32
Remember, Calibre used to be 300 million expectations at the beginning, but that was a what leaking prize. Yeah,

Speaker 1  33:41
so you know if you if you think about Calibre, they're going to do 14,000 tonnes. Prices call it 20. All in cost is 11, so they're going to make 9000 per tonne. So what's that? That's about 150. What's it? 160 million. So that's that's calibre. Burnstone is going to do 125,000 ounces at a 2000, or maybe not quite. Yeah, maybe at a $2,000 an ounce margin. So there's another 250 million from Burnstone, and then Mount Lyell. I don't have that. So yeah, potentially. I mean, Mount Lyell is another 100, 150, 200. So I think between those, you are looking at 400. Call it four. Call it 500.

Speaker 2  34:48
Any any potential changes in the dividend policy? Can you do buybacks?

Speaker 1  34:52
We can. I mean, we have done a buyback in the past. Our shareholders are not positively disposed to buybacks,

Speaker 2  35:01
given the convertibility as well.

Speaker 1  35:03
Yeah, I mean the the the and our biggest shareholder being the public investment corporation in South Africa. You know they are they are dead against it. They are saying, you know, they would like to do with the money as they please, and we shouldn't inform their decisions. You know, it's not to say that we won't do it. I mean, at the back of my my mind, I've got we are going to have suffer 10% dilution on the convert, and it might be a neat way to to make people whole by buying it back at a point in time. I'm not saying that's where we'll go, but it's something in terms of capital priorities going forward that we might consider on the dividend policy. No, we're not going to make any changes. I mean, it's it auto corrects, so we we pay out at the top end. So our policy is 25 to 35 percent of earnings. We've always paid out at the 35 except one year because I think we we came we just came out of of the still water acquisition, and we were just cautious in that first period, but we made it up at the back end of the year. So no, you know, earnings up, dividends up, earnings down, dividends down. You know, I've seen too many changes in dividend policies. At one stage, there were progressive gold dividends and gold price-linked dividends, and goodness knows what, and all of those, you know, you don't hear about them anymore. But now we've said to Shell, there's, you know, we we have got obviously capital priorities, and and we need to stay as close to them as possible. Yeah, I think maybe in closing. I mean, I think we're in a in a much better position now already from from where we were, and we'll continue to obviously execute on the strategy. You know, as we said, there's now M and A plans two to three years. You know, we we don't want to leave you with that. We'll never do it. I mean, this is who we are, but but we need a period of consolidation, fixing, cleaning out, and then you know we can see if we've earned the right to to then start growing the company. Thank you. The other one I haven't touched on is some of the portfolio cleanup we're doing. So, so you know we've got two projects: one in Canada, one in South America. You know we we've got equity interest in those. We are going to get rid of those. Just get cash for them. The other one is the phosphate project in Australia. We're not going to develop that. That's another one that we let go. The nice one about that is that although we're not shifting it for money in, we are basically pushing the liability to this to the the party. So we save on that rehab cost. So over time, that's a net benefit. So that's also things that we are looking at: how do we clean up the portfolio and bring in some cash? Because we're not going to develop those projects. But yeah, I think overall ratings agencies still very difficult. I think they the messaging they they basically said is we hear you, we've heard your CEO, but we like to see it in action, and I think we're there. You know, I think probably another half year of good results showing where we are. You know, I think we can get that upgrade. Now, investment grade is not our first target. We'll get there in time, not today. But I think double B positive is appropriate rating for where the company is now? It's just how do we convince them?

Speaker 2  39:08
Would you consider selling Calibre? No,

Speaker 1  39:11
I mean we we we we set for for the right price. It's the same with Mount Lao. You know, if somebody offers us full value, we would be silly not to take

Speaker 2  39:20
it. Okay,

Speaker 1  39:20
you know, SAP GM is core. Gold is core, although they're old, high-cost assets. But I mean, the Burnstone, the DRD, it's core. Calibre is core, but you know, as you say, for for the right offer, you know, we we would consider selling Calibre.

Speaker 2  39:43
USPGM, you think someone could be interested in that?

Speaker 1  39:47
I, I, I don't think so. You know, if you think about the PGM space, it's pretty tiny. It's Norilsk, Volterra, Impleth, Nordham, and ourselves. You know, those are those are the big players, and then okay, plat reef as well, Ivan Platts. But no, I don't think anybody's got appetite for that at the moment. So that's why for us it's a make or break situation. That's why you know we we we are pushing hard to get this mine set up for 1250 long term palladium prices, because it's got 50 years life. You know, it's a it's a great asset. I don't know in 50 years if we still use palladium, but you know, at least we must still make sure that you know we we mine that asset responsibly.

Speaker 2  40:45
Thank you very much.

Speaker 1  40:45
No, no, thank you.

Speaker 4  40:46
Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai