Speaker 1  00:20
One more time, come in. Okay, welcome everybody to the Reza Investor Meeting. I'm Chris Perry, head of Invest Relations, and I've got with me our CFO Amitoma. I do have a set of presentations in the middle. Not actually proposing to go through them in any detail. What I was going to do is just give a quick summary on three topics. First of all, guidance for 2026, the markets, China and Asia in particular, and then balance sheet and refinancing. I'll do all that at a relatively high level, and then we'll perhaps go to Amit Bay for a little more detailed questions if that suits everybody. Before we go into that, I was just going to a quick word on transparency and disclosure. We've been listening very carefully to investor feedback. We have a new website with dedicated investor pages, which hopefully everyone has better access now to all our disclosures. We've expanded our disclosures on related party balances, and have new disclosure regarding the reconciliation of our justed EBITDA to the financial statements. And hopefully, that's all welcome. But we'd also welcome any further feedback you may have. In terms of guidance, 2026 has clearly been a tough market, as the first half results have shown. We came into 2026 guiding 20% lower in 25, adjusted EBITDA of 570 million, free cash flow of 400 million. As you're probably well aware, two two things drove that. First of all, the EU ETS and the incremental cost on our European customers, which we have to absorb, but also the weaker pricing in Asia, driven by Chinese exports. And we'll come onto that in more detail, no doubt. Q1 had a couple of challenges, particularly operational and political. Operational being the disruption at West Veco, a West Veco mine, in the US, where we had issues through a very rare power cut and also going through wetter trona seam and also some issues around ventilation. All of those issues have been resolved, and in fact the mine is producing at a higher level of efficiency than it was before. So we are making up what some of the lost production from the West Beckham mine. The political challenge was obviously the Middle East conflict, that has had an impact on energy costs and transportation costs, and that ultimately, but not immediately, passed through. So weren't passed through to customers in Q1, and therefore Q1 was significantly lower than perhaps we would have expected. Having said that, we've gone through a lot of self-help. We're starting with capital discipline, but also production efficiency and overall supply chain optimisation, which has had an impact. And we saw the first parts of that during the Q2, so the Q2 results showed EBITDA 15% ahead of Q1 EBITDA, and some improvement in margins as well. We've continued to see improvements, and this continued improving trend through July and August, and therefore have reaffirmed, reiterated our four-year guidance for the for the full year. If you recall, in Q1, we we talked about the fact there was a lot of risk to the downside on the on our guidance, and we certainly feel significantly more confident in the delivering the guidance that we iterated that we gave at the beginning of the year, so we feel we're still absolutely on track. It'll be a much stronger second half performance versus the first half. Touch very briefly on the market. The overall market continues to be oversupplied with slower global growth and growing rather than shrinking supply coming out of China, China production in the first half is up around 8.5 percent, given additional capacity coming out of Burund in Mongolia, and that's natural production, and there is there is more to come. So in China we have inventories at record levels, exports now as high as two to 3 million metric tonnes and growing, and and significantly low prices in Southeast Asia. So one question is how, and again we'll come on to this. I'm sure in more detail. Is is how this impacts us? The most of our volumes go to markets that are less exposed to the Chinese exposed markets. We sit at the lower end of the cost curve. We are best able to place tonnes in more profitable markets, given our scale and our positioning both the east and the west, and also are lower cost.

Speaker 1  05:45
Chinese export Chinese exports are not currently impacting Europe, and that's due to a number of reasons. They're they're focused on the markets they know. They don't have the infrastructure as it stands today set up. They don't have the quality of the product required in Europe necessarily. All of that will change over time, but we don't expect that to change in the next few years. And obviously, there's with increased production coming out of China, it means that there is and lower lower pricing, a significantly high proportion of Chinese synthetic production is underwater and is obviously heavily subsidised. We think about 60% of Chinese production is, frankly, unsustainable, but is being sustained. Looking forwards, we are able to further drive out, drive down rather our cost to serve. I think we only integrated all of our infrastructure in the U.S. just over a year ago. So there's more optimization, sorry, more optimisation that we can do across our our infrastructure and utilisation of that to improve our overall profitability as we as we look forward, when you consider that we have six to 7 million metric tonnes of seaborne production, it doesn't take much to start optimising our supply chain with a one or $2 per tonne has a significant impact on the on the bottom line. Just make a couple of comments before we go to Q and A on balance sheet and refinancing. Balance sheet liquidity still more than $400 million. Net leverage sitting currently at 3.9 times for the restricted group and 4.1 times for the consolidated group at the end of h1, but we expect that to reduce given the improved second half EBITDA and to come within our guidance of 3.7 times for the restricted group and 3.8 times for the consolidated group. We, you'll be well aware, we had two. I suppose we started the refinancing process earlier this year. We had two financings so far. Firstly, the 250 million tap of the 2031 notes in February, and the refinancing, or the new rather $385 million super senior RCF in out to 2031, which we introduced in March. The only other comment to make is that in August, Fitch affirmed our B+ rating and also moved the outlook to stable on the basis of our guidance and our ability to to meet that guidance for this year, or their view on our ability to meet that guidance, and also seeing the back of the Turkey investigation. The final thing to say is what are our next steps on refinancing? We've consistently said that we expect to issue a new bond when market conditions allow. We do need to balance off both cost and refinancing risk, and that was something that Alistair highlighted at our half-year results. We would be looking at the point we come to the market to refinance our term loan, the 400 million dollar acquisition facility, and to bring the U.S. within the restricted group, we'd also look to take out part of the 2028 notes at the same time, and that would leave us with three bonds of broadly a similar size and antenna. And then the balance of the 2028 could be addressed at a later date because we do we do have some time, and I guess on timing, the nearest bond maturity is obviously 2028. The RCF runs to 2031, and the US term limit to 2029. So we can access the market when conditions allow, but but obviously we're working hard and think and looking at that right now, just to bounce off that, as we said, the the cost versus refinancing risk, and that's my quick run through on those three items. And I'm sure Emmet Bay will be happy to answer any of your questions.

Speaker 2  10:15
Can I quickly ask, like, the timing of bringing U.S. asset to a restricted group? Is there a timing you can indicate

Speaker 1  10:22
the point that we do the next bond would be the timing

Speaker 3  10:27
and regarding the new bond issues is we guided in our last earnings call so we will be. I think more active in the upcoming period, since we wouldn't like to be in a risky Position to refinance the the whole 1.4 billion dollars. 400 billion dollars is U.S. terminal facility plus 1 billion dollar 2028. So that's why we are considering to refinance this 1.4 billion dollar into two phases, and so that's why we would like to realise the first phase, which will be in the size of between 700 to 800 million dollar level, and fully take up the US rez and use the remaining amount to reduce 2028 around 700 million dollar level. So that's why we would like to use the open available windows as efficient As possible, and if the market conditions will allow, we would like to do the first one within this year. The second one is next. But regarding the second one, we may prefer to Not to come to bond market, we may also consider turn-on facility. But currently, our focus on the first phase, and as Elster highlighted in the last earnings call, so we will consider the timing sooner than better.

Speaker 4  12:50
Why not switch term loan to the first part of the exercise and do months later?

Speaker 3  12:55
Yeah. So regarding to term loan, once we have discussions with our banks regarding to term loan B market, we are a newcomer. We haven't any track record regarding terminal B market, and we would like to first integrate U.S. into our capital structure and align all our bonds into a single security pool. Then, once we have the fully aligned bond structure, then we will focus to the second phase as a terminal facility.

Speaker 2  13:37
Why terminal? Will that be cheaper than the bond?

Speaker 3  13:40
So yes, you are right, but since we will be the newcomer with the feedback that we receive, it will be more challenging from our side to go to turn on market right now, because currently the problem within our capital structure is we have two separate capital structures, so the problem. is our current bonds are not benefiting from U.S. facility assets, and our current term loan is only benefiting from the U.S. assets. So that's why first we we would like to take up the U.S. terminal facility and integrate U.S. into our restricted group and align all of our current bonds and rewarding credit facility into the same basket. Then we would like to focus on the the remaining part is a type of terminal facility.

Speaker 4  14:45
I don't really know how the market works. Why can't you just have that conversation with your existing 400 million facility holders?

Speaker 3  14:54
Because because it will be a type of changing the security structure and the the whole package. So that's why we would like to take up this facility, integrate the restricted crew, and we would like to be in a type of term no be market for the remaining part.

Speaker 4  15:21
There and I think you said before you're you're optimistic that putting the U.S. assets into the RG

Speaker 3  15:28
is is

Speaker 4  15:29
helpful for your cost of funding. Yes, what drives that deal?

Speaker 3  15:35
Yes, so very good point. First, regarding the credibility side, we will diversify our security package from Turkey to U.S. So we will also have additional U.S. security. Regarding operational side, considering two separate capital structures, still we couldn't achieve our targeted synergies and cost to serve optimization for our global customers among our U.S. and Turkey operations. Why? Let me give an example to you. For example, regarding multinational global customers, we still consider to ship product from United States, even it is less profitable from our sides regarding the cost to service. It's not production cost basis because to keep the living at the profitability level of U.S. at some level of sufficient for U.S. facility, but if we can consolidate into a single capital structure, we will have the full flexibility to optimise our cost to serve costs for our shipments to our global multinational customers, and starting from next year, it will be much more important considering the current market conditions. Why? Because now the Europe, Middle East, Africa, and Turkey regions are will be more profitable from our side due to the high energy cost environment, but on the other side, like this year, next year, Southeast Asia will be really a type of pressure regarding the excess supply of Chinese product. On top of this, most probably, this excess product will go to also partly to Latin America and decrease the prices in Latin America region. So from that perspective, once we will sit down with the multinational global glass manufacturers, if they they would like to have any shipment from their to their Latin America or Southeast Asia plants, we we are looking a type of additional request from them to get additional volumes from their European Europe plants, so that's why we can use our full leverage that can serve them from two different continents, and we can optimise our also cost to serve for our logistics cost. Also, we can be a reliable supplier to them. Plus, we can offer some additional discounts for their Europe tonnes, considering high energy environment. But we can also this discount to decrease our low price regions like Southeast Asia and Latin America. So, so that's why I believe next year will be a type of a really important year for the market to see the big players like us to use the power and the leverage to serve globally. But in order to serve globally, we should have the same balance sheet to support these operations at hand of this world, that's why we would like to have this. I think integration of U.S. as soon as possible. This is the first important point, and the second important point is, next year, also, as you can see in the first half of this year, the Chinese excess capacity, unfortunately, is not directly hitting the synthetic producers. Why? Because even the synthetic producers are making laws, both in China and in some European plants, high cost plants. Still, they are on the production level because of some Subsidisation by the local governments in China to keep the employment at higher rate, and in Europe some type of as you know some type of ETS protections, but on on the other hand, once we look to U.S. producers, let me figure out U.S. producers has around have around 12 million tonnes of production capacity, and the U.S. domestic consumption is 5 million tonnes, and it is mature market. It is not growing, which means that 7 million tonnes of capacity should be exported, and U.S. producers cannot send the product to Europe because it is so costly. Why? Because if you would like to send the product from west side to east side with inland transportation, the inland transportation cost is more than $100 per metric tonne. Why? Because Union Pacific is the monopoly for railroad part. They can only serve these export tonnes in Southeast Asia and Latin America, and since Southeast Asia is at the lowest level currently, all the export tonnes to Southeast Asia is a type of loss for U.S. producers, and since also U.S. plants are relatively older than the our plants in Turkey and also in China, so their not only production cost but also their maintenance capex is much more high.

Speaker 3  23:00
So, long story to short, once we look the first six months, market reaction on this excess capacity on the huge pressure Wyoming producers, and except from us, all the other wine producers release zero ebitda or almost negative ebitda, and the other U.S. producer SVM soil via mineral had to shut down its operations, and they were producing roughly 700 to 800,000 tonnes. And regarding next year, what will be the implication if the excess tonnes of China will start to come to Latin America? The pressure on the U.S. producers will be much more higher, and also we would like to head the defence on this as one of the U.S. producers. But what we did better than the other producers in U.S. like we did in our Turkey operations. So as we are always saying, we are not price maker; we are general price taker. And so, since this is a type of commodity, there is no separate different prices in the same region. So we are not selling our product with a higher price than RPS. But how we can generate money at positive free cash flow? We are managing our costs. At last year, once we acquired our alkali business in US, we had a very committed cash cost cutting programme, and we saved around $70,000,000.07, $0 million cost saving regarding our operations in U.S. And some of this cost saving was coming from the first the SGN reduction to mitigate the duplication of the general rules. Second, to minimise the unnecessary procurement-related expenses. The third one is optimization of the production guitar operational excellence. So the the management budget was 125 million dollar EBITDA for last year, and we ended the year with 200 million dollar EBITDA. And this year, that's why, since our peers was at break even or at loss level, we generated 50 million dollar EBITDA. We will add here around 100 over than 100 million dollar EBITDA in our US operations. At the second important lever for our US operations is as a type of buffer, the specialty products. And regarding the specialty products, we are generating around 400, 450, 000 tonnes ESCA at sodium bicarbonate in United States operations, and their margin is more than twice of our margin in Turkey. So they are really profitable, and they are having some type of floor of profitability to advance this type of high volatility and low net bank price environment in our seaborn operations in U.S. So, long story to short, thanks to our cost management programme, we have a better position for our side in U.S. operations. But it doesn't mean that 2027 will be a better year than 2026 for our U.S. operations, so that's why the other layer that we we can maximise is cost to serve the logistics operations, and so we are shipping around 7 million tonnes of product in the seaborn markets. So, for each dollar per metric tonne saving for our logistics operations means $7 million additionally beta for our operations, which means that if we can save five to $10,000,000.05, to $10 per metric tonne. It can contribute 35 to $70 million of EBITA, and almost 40% is for our U.S. operations. So that's why, regarding your case, maybe I took it a bit longer, but to paint the full picture and give some type of hints regarding our expectations for 2027. So this type of consolidation of our balance sheet brings us more priority than we expected, so that's why most probably we will be in the market within this year to have it and be ready for 2027.

Speaker 5  28:53
And looking backward, don't you think that you pay too much for the alkali assets? Because I understand from a diversification perspective, it's quite good, but at the same time, the EBIT EBITDA multiple was quite high. Like it was considering a 180 million dollars of EBITDA. Now we are talking about 100. So how do you feel about yeah?

Speaker 3  29:14
So first of all, we we are fully comfortable that we have this strategic transaction, and and this is a time of a very strategic opportunity for us to have this transaction in 2025. Why? Because if we did this transaction, we first started to negotiate with the counterparty with the seller end of 2023, and our proposal at that time was much more higher, and their expectation was much, much, much more higher, and they didn't accept our proposal at that time. And once we come to end of 2024, they approach us, And the agreed price that we close is really significantly lower than what we had offered in 2023. And long story to short, this acquisition brings us lots of hidden value. First, we fully diversify higher operations. Second, we we would develop our greenfield project in U.S. which had already Cost us $90,000,000.09 zero to develop the project less. Maybe we would spend additional 100 150 on top of it. Plus, we need to develop a port project to secure our port operations, export operations, and with this acquisition, we Also, have the the whole port operations of Azaq, the previous entity of U.S. export entity, and if you would like to have the investment of e-port, it would cost as minimum $300 million, so so that's why we are fully happy to acquire the Genesis Alkali, and we believe that even if we have the same opportunity, yes, it will be more difficult from our side to acquire under the current conditions, but considering the strategic advantage, I think it was one of the best transactions that we had to consider as a type of package to eliminate the greenfield investment capex and also brings the port of opportunity. On top of this, I I believe we will not have any type of substantial investment in the upcoming period, but still we have full commitment to diversify our business and to be a public company in the near future, but the near future definitely is not really concerned, considering different market environment. But once we will have the normal market conditions. We would like to have the IPO and use the IPO process to further deliver the company and return to our targeted one and a half to three and a half times leverage. Once our EBITDA will improve. We will be ready for the IPO, and we we can have it. And once we will have the targeted levels regarding our long term vision to diversify our business, not only geographically but also as business spaces to invest new industrial minerals, mainly in U.S. but it's too early to have this type of discussions. But as a type of vision of the company, because at the end of the day, if we will return the normal levels, we will be generating really excess cash. First, we will use this excess cash to deliver the company and have the actor to move further deliver the company and have enough room to make new acquisitions. But we will have a limited capex, a growth capex. thanks to this sizeable acquisition.

Speaker 5  34:28
And so, where would you appeal? Would it be in the U.S. or in the U.K.

Speaker 3  34:33
Most probably, it will be in U.S. After this acquisition, our main focus now is in U.S. So that's why also this acquisition was strategic from

Speaker 2  34:47
us. What is your your outfit? When will the market return to normal? I mean, this actual capacity doesn't look like it's going to be absorbed in couple years' time. Yeah,

Speaker 3  34:58
exactly. So there are two, I think, aspects on this. The first one is currently the market is not rational. Why? Because under the current market conditions, most of the almost all of the synthetic producers in China are making those, but they are still producing, and there should be some type of rationalisation, realisation of this capacity shutdown in China to make this Balance. Second, there should be a type of demand-related improvement. The the other big problem I I think is the global slowdown, which is driven by the China Regarding especially the solar panels and other Swadesh-related parts. On top of this, regarding Europe and the North America, the container glass producers are also under pressure, and so that's why they are closing their furnaces, and it negatively affects the demand growth. So, long story to short, if the realisation of the shutdowns of high cost synthetic class will be in the next two years' time, 2027 and 2028. We believe that there will be a quicker market balance regarding demand and supply, and if this irrational behaviour will continue, idly we will see big problem for U.S. producers like we face with SVN, and then we will see the full demand and supply balance normalisation in 2029 or maybe 2030 if the demand will not become. Can

Speaker 6  37:40
I ask a question on the mentioned bond refinancing. What's the plan be if the credit market's not open for issuance, or you know you continue to see yields rise? I mean, you can obviously stomach a high coupon on the existing bonds, but if you refinance this term loan, have a quantum of two and a half or $3 billion of gross debt, depending on how you include the RCF. So, just want to understand what the plan B is, because if you do a first transaction where you take out the term loan, and you're only slightly reducing the 28, you're relying on the credit market to absorb additional supply from yourselves. So, you know, what's the plan B if the credit market's not over? If the

Speaker 3  38:25
market will not open, we believe that if we can integrate US into our capital structure, we will see a momentum regarding the performance of our current bonds, and we believe that the credit profile will be improved, but let's consider it will not be improved. So then we will come to bond markets regarding the second part. It will be more costly from our side, but since it will be refinancing of our bond, so the the total bond size will be 400 million dollar, which is related with US turnoff facility in total. But but we would we would like to balance it.

Speaker 6  39:14
But so what what tenor is the cost here? You said 25. What is it before after the 2031 bond to be chosen,

Speaker 3  39:23
I think it is just because we refinance in March, and the third one is February. I think it is almost at the same time.

Speaker 6  39:36
Have you summed it up, credit investors, as if they're happy to lend past 2031?

Speaker 3  39:41
Yes, why not?

Speaker 6  39:43
They're open to that.

Speaker 3  39:44
Yeah. Exactly. And also, we are planning to extend the size of the revolving credit facility, and we we we are targeting to increase the revolving credit size up to 500 million dollars, and I believe we had a good test in the first half, especially in the first quarter. Once we had this unfortunate event last year, and after this event, all of our banks showed their support on top of this city bank was the newcomer, and they committed and participated with additional new 75 million dollar commitment into our evolving created facility, and I don't have any concern on this. the The most important point is so to be frank to you, we were expecting an improvement in the global markets, especially for the second half of this year. Maybe it would be better to have the the first phase of the bond issues earlier than this year, but our expectation was that the global tension would be settled down, and that that should be a type of improvement in the market. And now we waited more than six months, and there is no improvement in the market. Even the uncertainty is going higher, and that's why we we wouldn't like to have the risk of the full 1.4 billion dollar refinancing 2027. So that's why we like to face it. And as you know, our 2028 bond matures in October. Still, we have some time, but we, as Elster highlighted in the last earnings call, so we are not a type of short-term investor or short-term type of player in the Swadesh market, and and we are looking this as a type of long-term basis. So that's why I think it will be better to manage our capital structure as effectively as possible. So that's why we are still discussing it generally. We haven't have the final board decision yet, but this is the current intention that we guided the market in our last earnings call.

Speaker 6  42:40
I just think it'll be a lot cleaner if you came to investors and said, "You already own the 20 eighths. We're going to pay you a premium to participate in a new bond. There's no impact on the credit market because the quantum of bonds hasn't changed. But you take off some of the pressure of 20 eighths. If you do the transaction on the term loan first, you could absorb any demand there is for your credit in the secondary market, and you still have the overhang of the 28 story market.

Speaker 3  43:07
So currently we are working on our retire banks. So as you know, we are working with very reputable and the right experienced banks like J.P. Morgan and Mouse Dejoint with Biab Kariba and Mufg, and we will finalise our discussions with them and be in the market in the most optimum way. And as you know, we always noted all of our investors feel better, and we would like to be as much as transparent and be open. And why? Because at the end of today, for example, regarding our first two bond issuances, just last year, our bonds were trading at very good levels, and all of our investors made very good money on this. And we were not in a type of greedy position to pressure our issuances coupon rates, and we will be in the same position, and we will not be in a type of position to put pressure and have any type of squeeze on it. And definitely, as always, we listen the feedback from our investors that which way will be the most optimum way for both sides. One

Speaker 6  44:40
more question. So, if you hit your full-year EBITDA guidance, what do you think cash generation will be this year? Sorry, what do you think cash generation will be this year? So,

Speaker 3  44:49
once we deduct all the interest payments, minority distributions, and the royalty payments to the royalty bond, it should. be close to $100 million level,

Speaker 6  45:07
and that was roughly flat in the first half. Correctly,

Speaker 3  45:10
sorry, it was roughly flat

Speaker 6  45:12
in the first half of the year. So you're saying around 100 million per

Speaker 3  45:15
40. Yes, but I did back all the interest expense and other cash outflows on this. Then the second half will be better. Sorry.

Speaker 4  45:28
So that that 100 million number includes the net of the related party. Yes. Yes.

Speaker 3  45:35
And also, as we promised the market, so we received more than 60 million dollar of the related party transaction, and so it was also another, I believe, a type of indication that we are receiving our investors' feedback, not about heavy related actions on this, And so, at the time of today, as I as I would like to summarise you, we are looking these potential new issues from not only the financial perspective, but to also create additional value for our operations, especially to optimise our cost to serve side and be more ready for the 2027 negotiations with our, especially global customers. This is the point.

Speaker 7  46:41
And alkali standalone is that free cash flow generated? If you like, excluding the restricted group.

Speaker 3  46:48
So this year it is at the break even point and slightly negative free cash flow, but next year it will be more challenging from this side, considering lower pricing environment in Latin America.

Speaker 7  47:08
Have your investors pushed back, like the presumption that investors want to include this in the restricted group. Have you gotten significant pushback? Like the output seems very challenging.

Speaker 3  47:17
But but you should consider the leverage of our U.S. operations regarding our global sales to the multinational customers. If let me give you an example to you. So, some of our global customers reach out to us after the U.S. alkali acquisition to have long-term contracts with them, and these are the customers that consumes over a million tonnes of sodash because your total operating environment and your scale change. This this is the most important point. So be

Speaker 7  48:06
long term with like pricing mechanisms different than what are already existing in the market. When you're saying long term contracts, is that you're implying that the pricing structure would be different? Yes.

Speaker 3  48:15
Also, the the volume allocation, as I explained, for example, for example, if once you had the only the Turkey operations, you were only providing them, for example, to to their Southeast plans. Now, once you have the discussions with them, you can serve them from two continents, and you can ask them more tonnes from their European plants, which is more profitable to you, and you can give some discount to them for Europe side. Even you can make better profits once you have lower volume to the Southeast Asia. So this is this type of optimizations. That's what we started with second quarter. So that's why even the transportation costs and the energy costs were higher in the second quarter than the first quarter. Our second quarter results were better, and you will see this improvement in the third quarter. But next year will be much more important from our side. It was my main message. And thank you very much for your time.

Speaker 6  49:34
Thank you. Thank

Speaker 3  49:35
you. If you have any follow-up questions, we are always ready to cover.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai